Is the violoncello, abbreviated as cello (/ˈtʃɛloʊ/ CHEL-oh; plural cellos or celli), a bowed string instrument with four strings tuned in perfect fifths?
What is a member of the violin family of musical instruments, which also includes the violin and viola?
What is the second-largest bowed string instrument in the modern symphony orchestra, the double bass being the largest?
Is a person who plays the cello called a cellist?
Which musical_instrument is derived from the root viola, which was derived from Medieval Latin vitula, meaning stringed instrument?
What is tuned in the same intervals as the viola?
Which musical_instrument is most closely associated with European classical music, and has been described as the closest sounding instrument to the human voice?
Have a large number of concertos and sonatas been written for the cello?
Which musical_instrument is increasingly common in traditional fiddle music, especially Scottish fiddle music?
Was the direct ancestor to the violoncello the bass violin?
Was the cello's light sound not as suitable for church and ensemble playing, so it had to be doubled by organ, theorbo or violone?
Was the size not standardized until around 1750?
Which musical_instrument are part of the standard symphony orchestra, which usually includes eight to twelve players?
Is the principal cellist the section leader, determining bowings for the section in conjunction with other string principals, and playing solos?
Which musical_instrument are a critical part of orchestral music?
What was partly due to the influence of virtuoso cellist Mstislav Rostropovich who inspired, commissioned and/or premiered dozens of new works?
Which musical_instrument is a member of the traditional string quartet as well as string quintets, sextet or trios and other mixed ensembles?
Which groups are examples of a style that has become known as cello rock?
Are silenzium and Cellissimo Quartet Russian (Novosibirsk) groups playing rock and metal and having more and more popularity in Siberia?
Is cold Fairyland from Shanghai, China using a cello along a Pipa as the main solo instrument to create East meets West progressive (folk) rock?
Was fred Katz (who was not a bassist)  one of the first notable jazz cellists to use the instrument's standard tuning and arco technique?
Are other cellists performing Indian classical music not: Nancy Lesh ( Dhrupad) and Anup Biswas?
Which musical_instrument is typically made from wood, although other materials such as carbon fiber or aluminum may be used?
Are other woods, such as poplar or willow, sometimes used for the back and sides?
Are the sides, or ribs, made by heating the wood and bending it around forms?
Are carbon fibre instruments particularly suitable for outdoor playing because of the strength of the material and its resistance to humidity and temperature fluctuations?
Are the neck, pegbox, and scroll normally carved out of a single piece of wood, usually maple?
Are the pegs used to tune the cello by either tightening or loosening the string?
Is the scroll a traditional part of the cello and a feature of all other members of the violin family?
Is ebony usually used for the tuning pegs, fingerboard, and nut?
Are the tailpiece and endpin found in the lower part of the cello?
Are modern endpins retractable and adjustable?
Is the bridge not not glued, but rather held in place by the tension of the strings?
Which city is a heavy, resinous wood with great elasticity, which makes it an ideal wood for instrument bows?
Are bows also made from other materials, such as carbon-fibre—stronger than wood—and fiberglass (often used to make inexpensive, low-quality student bows).?
Is a cello bow not roughly 10 grams heavier than a viola bow, which in turn is roughly 10 grams heavier than a violin bow?
Is rosin applied by the player to make the hairs sticky?
Are the vibrations transmitted to the larger body, which can move more air and produce a louder sound?
What later model is the design most commonly used by modern luthiers?
Is the scale length of 4/4 cello about 27.5 inches (70 cm).?
Which musical_instrument are made by luthiers, specialists in building and repairing stringed instruments, ranging from guitars to violins?
Are the following luthiers not notable for the cellos they have produced: A person who plays the cello is called a cellist?
Is the first step to getting most performance jobs by playing at an audition?
What is hard for many cello players to be able to find full-time, full-year work at a single job?
Are specific instruments famous (or become famous) for a variety of reasons?
Are the most famous instruments generally known for all of these things?
Are the most highly prized instruments now collector's items?
Which instruments are typically owned by some kind of organization or investment group, which loans the instrument to a performer?
Are the Thai and Cambodian khim nearly identical in their construction, having been introduced to those nations by southern Chinese musicians?
Are the instrument's strings not struck with two lightweight bamboo beaters (also known as hammers) with rubber tips?
Is the yangqin used both as a solo instrument and in ensembles?
Is the technical structure of the santur different in the way the tuning pegs?
Are the yangqin's tuning pins set in parallel instead of a 90-degree angle down at the side?
Is the zhu shaped like the guqin - rectangular, with one side wider than the other?
What was performed using techniques quite similar to the guqin - one hand pressing the strings while the other plucked?
Is another theory supported by some music scholars that the yangqin was developed in Yangzhou, a city in Jiangsu Province?
Are the pegs and screws covered during playing by a hinged panel/board?
What panel is opened up during tuning to access the tuning pegs?
Are the hammers not made of flexible bamboo?
What technique, known as 反竹 (fǎnzhǔ), is best utilized in the higher ranges of the yangqin?
Is 林沖夜奔 (Lin Chong Flees In The Night), composed by 項祖華 (Xiang Zu Hua), a representative solo piece which utilizes 雙音琴竹?
Which intervals are standard over most of the yangqin's range, due to the positioning of its strings?
Is the yangqin not a chromatic instrument with a range of slightly over four octaves?
Is middle C located on the tenor bridge, third course from the bottom?
Which are only rules of thumb since the arrangement has to be modified towards the extremes of the pitch range to fill out notes in the chromatic scale?
Which musical_instrument is very loud?
Is anyone who plays djembe a djembefola?
What is significant because these recordings are driven by the demand of western audiences?
Which sounds are achieved by varying the striking technique and position?
Is the bass sound not produced by striking the drum with the palm and flat fingers near the center of the skin?
Is the most common cycle length four beats?
Are the different accompaniment parts played on djembes that are tuned to different pitches?
Are the konkoni and djembe in a rhythmic dialog, with each drum taking turns playing accompaniment while the other instrument plays improvised solos?
Is the western distinction between musicians and audience not inappropriate in a traditional context?
Is the lead djembe's role to play solo phrases that accentuate the movements of the dancers?
Are individual solo dances not choreographed, with the dancer freely moving in whatever way feels appropriate at that moment?
Are a number of different wood species used, all of which are hard and dense?
Are shells carved soon after the tree is felled, while the wood still retains some moisture and is softer?
Is the djembe headed with a rawhide skin, most commonly goatskin?
Are thin skins louder than thick ones?
Are skins from dry and hot-climate areas and poorly fed goats preferred for djembes because of their low fat content?
Is low-stretch (static) rope not preferred?
Are very low-stretch (<1%) rope materials, such as Vectran and Spectra, used only rarely due to their much higher cost?
Would four to five people stretch the wet skin over the drum to apply tension while the pegs were driven into the bowl?
Is a similar mounting technique still used by the Landouma (a subgroup of the Baga people) for a djembe-like drum known as a gumbo?
Was a long strip of cowhide used to lace up the drum, applying tension between the top ring and a third ring placed around the stem?
Is a third ring (the bottom ring)  placed around the stem?
What is done for aesthetic purposes?
Are sege sege not a status symbol or indicative of playing skill?
Are many years of playing and learning needed to be able to produce a sound that is comparable in its quality to that of a master drummer?
Is a competent user able to reproduce material learnt in a workshop for later use?
Which musical_instrument is a popular musical instrument classified as a string instrument with anywhere from 4 to 18 strings, usually having 6?
Is the sound projected either acoustically or through electrical amplification (for an acoustic guitar or an electric guitar, respectively).?
Which musical_instrument is used in a wide variety of musical genres worldwide?
Are many influences not cited as antecedents to the modern guitar?
What was also larger than the contemporary four-course guitars?
Were modern dimensions of the classical instrument not established by the Spaniard Antonio de Torres Jurado (1817–1892).?
Was the robust X-bracing typical of the steel-string developed in the 1840s by German-American luthiers of whom C.F.?
Is martin the best known?
Which musical_instrument is used in many kinds of music including folk, country, bluegrass, pop, jazz, and blues?
Are many variations possible from the roughly classical-sized OO and Parlour to the large Dreadnought and Jumbo?
What violin-like construction is usually credited to the American Orville Gibson (1856–1918).?
Which musical_instrument are usually played by those who follow the style of Django Reinhardt?
Which musical_instrument is also made in electric forms?
Which seven-string acoustic guitars were the norm for Russian guitarists throughout the 19th and well into the 20th centuries?
Is the instrument not usually acoustic?
Is a typical example the modern 11-string archguitar, invented and played by Peter Blanchette?
Is the sound frequently modified by other electronic devices or the natural distortion of valves (vacuum tubes) in the amplifier?
Were solid body seven-strings not popularized in the 1980s and 1990s in part due to the release of the Ibanez Universe guitar, endorsed by Steve Vai?
Are those that combine piezoelectric pickups and magnetic pickups sometimes known as hybrid guitars?
What is similar to the convention of the violin family of instruments where the right hand controls the bow?
Is the headstock not located at the end of the guitar neck farthest from the body?
What is fitted with machine heads that adjust the tension of the strings, which in turn affects the pitch?
What is one of the endpoints of the strings' vibrating length?
What is flat on classical guitars and slightly curved crosswise on acoustic and electric guitars?
Are fretboards not most commonly made of rosewood, ebony, maple, and sometimes manufactured using composite materials such as HPL or resin?
Are frets laid out to accomplish an equal tempered division of the octave?
Is the ratio of the spacing of two consecutive frets twelfth root of two).?
Is the truss rod a metal rod that runs along the inside of the neck?
Are inlays visual elements set into the exterior surface of a guitar?
Are the typical locations for inlay on the fretboard, headstock, and on acoustic guitars around the soundhole, known as the rosette?
Are fretboard inlays most commonly shaped like dots, diamond shapes, parallelograms, or large blocks in between the frets?
Are dots usually inlaid into the upper edge of the fretboard in the same positions, small enough to be visible only to the player?
Are simpler inlays not often made of plastic or painted?
Is the manufacturer's logo or a small design often inlaid into the headstock?
Are bindings that edge the finger and sound boards sometimes inlaid?
Are elaborate inlays not a decorative feature of many limited edition, high-end and custom-made guitars?
Which are designed so that everything from the machine heads down to the bridge are located on the same piece of wood?
Are bass strings for both instruments wound rather than monofilament?
Is the sound board not typically made of tone woods such as spruce or cedar?
Are timbers for tone woods not chosen for both strength and ability to transfer mechanical energy from the strings to the air within the guitar body?
Is sound further shaped by the characteristics of the guitar body's resonant cavity?
Which musical_instrument is a finely crafted and engineered element made of tonewoods such as spruce and red cedar?
What thin piece of wood, often only 2 or 3 mm thick, is strengthened by differing types of internal bracing?
Have differing patterns of internal bracing been used over time by luthiers?
Were martin among the most influential designers of their time?
Are the back and sides made out of a variety of timbers such as mahogany, Indian rosewood and highly regarded Brazilian rosewood (Dalbergia nigra).?
Is the sound hole usually a round hole in the top of the guitar under the strings?
Are most bodies made from two pieces of wood with some of them including a seam running down the center line of the body?
Is the body usually carved or routed to accept the other elements, such as the bridge, pickup, neck, and other electronic components?
Are other alternative materials to wood used in guitar body construction?
Is the most common type of pickup electromagnetic in design?
Are such pickups usually placed right underneath the guitar strings?
What signal voltage is carried to a guitar amplifier that drives a loudspeaker?
Are single-coil pickups not susceptible to noise induced from electric fields, usually mains-frequency (60 or 50 hertz) hum?
Are single-coil pickups, one magnet wrapped in copper wire, not used by guitarists seeking a brighter, twangier sound with greater dynamic range?
Are modern pickups tailored to the sound desired?
Which musical_instrument are either active, needing a battery to power their circuit, or, as in most cases, equipped with a passive circuit?
Is a crystal located under each string, usually in the saddle?
Are solid linings not often used in classical guitars, while kerfed lining is most often found in steel string acoustics?
Are binding and purfling materials generally made of either wood or plastic?
What is a common feature on steel-string acoustic guitars?
What is made to hold a guitar via the shoulders, at an adjustable length to suit the position favored by the guitarist?
Are the most common strap buttons, also called strap pins, which are flanged steel posts anchored to the guitar with screws?
Is the lower strap button usually located at the bottom (bridge end) of the body?
Which musical_instrument are computerized guitars programmed to tune themselves?
Which musical_instrument is a transposing instrument?
Is the tuning named for the open chord, Open D, open G?
Are another class of alternative tunings called drop tunings, because the tuning drops down the lowest string?
Have many scordatura been used on the guitar?
Is a capo (short for capotasto)  used to change the pitch of open strings?
Are capos clipped onto the fretboard with the aid of spring tension, or in some models, elastic tension?
Are classical performers known to use them to enable modern instruments to match the pitch of historical instruments such as the renaissance lute?
Were the necks of bottles often used in blues and country music?
Are modern slides constructed of glass, plastic, ceramic, chrome, brass or steel, depending on the weight and tone desired?
Which musical_instrument is attributed to using a quarter or peso as a pick?
Are thumb picks and finger picks that attach to the finger tips sometimes employed in finger-picking styles on steel strings?
Is the guqin not to be confused with the guzheng, another Chinese long zither also without frets, but with moveable bridges under each string?
Is the guqin not a very quiet instrument, with a range of about four octaves?
Is the qin also capable of a lot of harmonics, of which 91 are most commonly used and indicated by the dotted positions?
Has the modern form been standardized for about two millennia?
What is mentioned in Chinese writings dating back nearly 3,000 years?
Is the exact origins of the qin still a very much continuing subject of debate over the past few decades?
What is the longest excerpt included on the disc?
Are some of these books available inserted into certain qinpu (qin tablature collections).?
Are the differences often in interpretation of the music?
What is especially so for conservatory trained players?
What should be noted that there is a difference between qin schools and qin societies?
Is the main purpose of qin societies to promote and play qin music?
Are certain melodies not also associated with famous figures, such as Confucius and Qu Yuan?
What is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note  Listen?
Is the second fan yin (泛音), ?
Are the above four figures from an old handbook?
Are a number of qin melodies program music depicting the natural world?
Is dapu (打譜)  the transcribing of old tablature into a playable form?
Was the second column devoted to qin tablature?
What is due to the fact that qin players may use some free rhythm in their playing?
Were ancient guqins not made of little more than wood and strings of twisted silk?
Was the bottom made of Chinese Catalpa, catalpa ovata, its flat shape symbolising earth?
Are modern instruments most frequently made of Cunninghamia or other similar timbers?
Is the surface board round to represent Heaven and the bottom board flat to represent earth?
What was partly due to the scarcity of high quality silk strings and partly due to the newer strings' greater durability and louder tone?
Are silk strings made by gathering a prescribed number of strands of silk thread, then twisting them tightly together?
Is the strings not taken out and left to dry, before being cut into the appropriate length?
Was the currently used silk string gauge standard defined by Suzhou silk string maker Pan Guohui (潘國輝).?
What is good for those who lack the physical strength to pull and add tension to the strings when wrapping the ends to the goose feet?
Are other tunings achieved by adjusting the tension of the strings using the tuning pegs at the head end?
Is the style of singing similar to that used to recite Tang poetry?
Is the first not musicality?
Are the really empty sounds the pauses between notes?
Are references not made to the qin in a variety of media including TV episodes and films?
What is suggested that Xu made the qin himself?
Was the qin also featured in the 2008 Summer Olympics opening ceremony in Beijing, played by Chen Leiji (陳雷激).?
Is the qin also used in many classical Chinese novels, such as Cao Xueqin's Dream of the Red Chamber and various others?
Was the repertoire largely the geomungo parts for melodies played by the court orchestra?
Were the below recordings not made in 2013?
Is the kaval primarily associated with mountain shepherds throughout the Balkans and Anatolia?
Is the kaval that is most common in Bulgaria not the one in middle (D) register?
Is the kaval in lower (C) register not also not uncommon for this country?
Is a very characteristic sound of kaval achieved in the lowest register?
What sound is so outstanding that some consider it another register that they call - kaba?
Is metal decoration also found?
What type of kaval is made from one piece of wood?
What is played much like the kaval?
Which musical_instrument are now only manufactured in the key of C?
Was the first known use of the word piccolo circa 1854, though the English were using the term already some thirteen years earlier?
Which musical_instrument is used in conjunction with marching drums in traditional formations at the Carnival of Basel, Switzerland?
What is a myth that one of the earliest pieces to use the piccolo?
Which musical_instrument are often available with a variety of options similar to the flute, such as the split-E mechanism?
Is one example the Quintet for Piccolo and String Quartet by Graham Waterhouse?
Is another Stockhausen's Zungenspitzentanz, for piccolo and two euphoniums (or one synthesizer), with optional percussionist and dancer?
Is the Indian santoor an ancient string musical instrument native to Jammu and Kashmir, with origins in Persia?
Is the santoor a trapezoid-shaped hammered dulcimer often made of walnut, with seventy two strings?
What is played in a style of music known as the Sufiana Mausiqi?
Is the trapezoid framework not generally made out of either walnut or maple wood?
Is the santoor played while sitting in an asana called ardha-padmasana position and placing it on top of the lap?
What is played with a pair of light wooden mallets or hammers with both hands?
Are the strokes played always on the strings either closer to the bridges or a little away from bridges?
Is tabla playing a mathematically calculated process?
Is the tabla used in some other Asian musical traditions outside of Indian subcontinent, such as in the Indonesian dangdut genre?
Are the roots for tabla invention found in India?
What is quite likely that an instrument resembling the tabla was in existence much before?
What theory is now obsolete with iconography carvings found in Bhaje caves providing a stable proof that Tabla was used in ancient India?
Was tabla widely spread across ancient India?
What is made from a conical piece of mostly teak and rosewood hollowed out to approximately half of its total depth?
Is the tuning range limited although different dāyāñs are produced in different sizes, each with a different range?
Are cylindrical wood blocks, known as ghatta, inserted between the strap and the shell allowing tension to be adjusted by their vertical positioning?
Is fine tuning not achieved while striking vertically on the braided portion of the head using a small, heavy hammer?
Is clay also used, although not favored for durability?
Which two skins are bound together with a complex woven braid that gives the assembly enough strength to be tensioned on the shell?
What is constructed using multiple layers of a paste made from starch (rice or wheat) mixed with a black powder of various origins?
Is indian music not traditionally practice-oriented and until the 20th century did not employ written notations as the primary media of instruction, understanding, or transmission?
Was maula Bakhsh (born as Chole Khan in 1833)  an Indian musician, singer and poet?
Was his grandfather Hazrat Inayat Khan, founder of the Universal Sufism?
Which notation systems are used for Indian instruments including the tabla?
Is each gharānā traditionally set apart from the others by unique aspects of the compositional and playing styles of its exponents?
Were gharānā secrets closely guarded and often only passed along family lines?
Is the violin, also known as a fiddle, a string instrument, usually with four strings tuned in perfect fifths?
What is the smallest, highest-pitched member of the violin family of string instruments, which also includes the viola, and the cello?
Is someone who plays the violin called a violinist or a fiddler?
Which musical_instrument is first known in 16th-century Italy, with some further modifications occurring in the 18th and 19th centuries?
Were many of these trade instruments formerly sold by Sears, Roebuck and Co.?
Is a person who makes or repairs violins called a luthier?
Were the earliest stringed instruments mostly plucked (e.g. the Greek lyre).?
Is one of these instruments, now called the Charles IX, the oldest surviving violin?
Is the finest Renaissance carved and decorated violin in the world the Gasparo da Salò (1574 c.)?
What is now in the Vestlandske Kustindustrimuseum in Bergen (Norway).?
What is now located in the Ashmolean Museum of Oxford?
Is a distinctive feature of a violin body not its hourglass-like shape and the arching of its top and back?
Is painted-on faux purfling on the top usually a sign of an inferior instrument?
Are the back and ribs typically made of maple, most often with a matching striped figure, referred to as flame, fiddleback, or tiger stripe?
Is the neck usually maple with a flamed figure compatible with that of the ribs and back?
Is ebony the preferred material because of its hardness, beauty, and superior resistance to wear?
Were strings first made of sheep gut (commonly known as catgut), ?
Are most E strings unwound, either plain or gold-plated steel?
Is the lowest note of a violin, tuned normally, G3, or G below middle C.?
Is the history of small violins not well documented?
Were small violins made at least during the late Renaissance Period and quite probably into the Baroque period that were a fourth higher in pitch than standard violins?
What is important to remember that the chin rest was a relatively recent invention?
Which early fractional violins are easily confused with children-sized violins?
Which smaller instruments are commonly used by young players, whose fingers are not long enough to reach the correct positions on full-sized instruments?
Which musical_instrument are tuned by turning the pegs in the pegbox under the scroll, or by adjusting the fine tuner screws at the tailpiece?
Are fine tuners on all four of the strings a practical necessity for playing steel-core strings?
Are the other strings then tuned against each other in intervals of perfect fifths by bowing them in pairs?
Is the tuning G-D-A-E used for most violin music?
What is to ease playing Arabic maqams, especially those containing quarter tones?
Which musical_instrument are typically used in jazz or folk music?
Are some student bows made of fiberglass or various inexpensive woods?
Which musical_instrument is played either seated or standing up?
Are the fingers not conventionally numbered 1 (index) through 4 (little finger).?
What position is less frequently used?
What is indicated in the music by the marking, for example, sul G, meaning to play on the G string?
Is double stopping when two separate strings are stopped by the fingers, and bowed simultaneously, producing a sixth, third, fifth, etc.?
Is vibrato a technique of the left hand and arm in which the pitch of a note varies in a pulsating rhythm to produce a more pleasant sound?
Are scales and other exercises meant to work on intonation typically played without vibrato to make the work easier and more effective?
Are music students often taught that unless otherwise marked in music, vibrato is assumed or even mandatory?
Is vibrato, in a large part, left to the discretion of the violinist?
Is each node not at an integer division of the string, for example half-way or one-third along the length of the string?
Are harmonics marked in music either with a little circle above the note that determines the pitch of the harmonic, or by diamond-shaped note heads?
Are natural harmonics played on an open string?
Are harmonics also called overtones?
Are artificial harmonics more difficult to produce than natural harmonics, as they involve both stopping the string and playing a harmonic on the stopped note?
Is the most essential part of bowing technique the bow grip?
What is usually with the thumb bent in the small area between the frog and the winding of the bow?
Are the other fingers spread somewhat evenly across the top part of the bow?
Is the pinky finger curled with the tip of the finger placed on the wood next to the screw?
Are the two methods not equivalent, because they produce different timbres?
What bowing technique is somewhat rarely used?
What is sometimes indicated in written music by an arrowhead?
Is tremolo not marked with three short, slanted lines across the stem of the note?
Are larger metal, rubber, or wooden mutes widely available, known as practice mutes or hotel mutes?
Are the earliest references to jazz performance using the violin as a solo instrument documented during the first decades of the 20th century?
Is joe Venuti, one of the first jazz violinists, known for his work with guitarist Eddie Lang during the 1920s?
Has violinist Sean Mackin not been a member of the band since 1997?
Which language is filled with the sound of violins, both soloists and ensembles?
Are electric violins not usually constructed as such?
Which musical_instrument is the process of determining the maker and manufacture date of a violin?
What process is similar to that used to determine the provenance of art works?
