What is the country's principal political, cultural, commercial, industrial, and transportation centre, sometimes described as the primate city of Hungary?
Was their first settlement pillaged by the Mongols in 1241–42?
What is the highest ranked Central/Eastern European city on Innovation Cities' Top 100 index?
What was later occupied by the Romans?
Is acquincum the foremost and best-conserved of the Roman sites in Hungary?
Was the cultural role of Buda particularly significant during the reign of King Matthias Corvinus?
Was the first Hungarian book printed in Buda in 1473?
Are some of the baths that the Turks erected during their occupation period still in function after 500 years (Rudas Baths and Király Baths).?
Which city was destroyed during the battle?
Was hungary then incorporated into the Habsburg Empire?
Was the 19th century dominated by the Hungarian struggle for independence and modernisation?
Was 1867 the year of Reconciliation that brought about the birth of Austria-Hungary?
Were all bridges destroyed by the Germans?
What was the beginning of the Hungarian Revolution?
What uprising was an anti-Soviet revolt that lasted from 23 October until 11 November?
Was a monument erected at the fiftieth anniversary of the revolt in 2006, at the edge of the City Park?
Was work on Erzsébet Bridge, the last to be rebuilt, finished in 1964?
Was andrassy Avenue (including the Millennium Underground Railway, Hősök tere, and Városliget)  added to the UNESCO list in 2002?
Were the monuments of the dictatorship removed from public places, into Memento Park?
Was the wide Danube always fordable at this point because of a small number of islands in the middle of the river?
Were the hills formed in the Triassic Period?
Is the highest point of the hills and of Budapest János hill, at 527 metres (1,729 ft) above sea level?
Is the lowest point the line of the Danube which is 96 metres (315 ft) above sea level?
Is budapest also rich in green areas?
Are the forests of Buda hills environmentally protected?
Is budapest the only capital city in the world which has thermal springs?
Is snowfall fairly frequent in most years?
Is the weather in late March and April often very agreeable during the day and fresh at night?
Is budapest's long summer - lasting from May until mid-September -  warm or very warm?
Is the autumn in Budapest (mid-September until late October)  characterised by little rain and long sunny days with moderate temperatures?
Are most buildings in Budapest not relatively low?
Is the next determinative style the Gothic architecture in Budapest?
Are buildings to look for no.?
Which were great examples of Ottoman architecture, which was influenced by Iranian, and to a larger extent, Byzantine architecture as well as Islamic traditions?
Is an interesting part of Budapest the less touristy Óbuda, the main square of which also has some beautiful historic buildings with original Baroque façades?
Is the Castle District not another place to visit where the best-known landmark Buda Royal Palace and many other buildings were built in the Baroque style?
Is another noteworthy structure the Budapest Western Railway Station, which was designed by August de Serres and built by the Eiffel Company of Paris in 1877?
Is art Nouveau in Hungary (Szecesszió in Hungarian)  not a blend of several architectural styles, with a focus on Hungary's specialities?
Is one of his most beautiful buildings in Budapest the Museum of Applied Arts?
Is budapest's current urban landscape one of the modern and contemporary architecture?
Is budapest's vast urban area often described using a set of district names?
Is district I a small area in central Buda, including the historic Buda Castle?
Is district II in Buda again, in the northwest?
Is district XXI the extension of the above route over a branch of the Danube, the northern tip of a long island south from Budapest?
Which trends are also seen throughout the Budapest metropolitan area, which is home to 3.3 million people?
Which city is home to one of the largest Jewish community in Europe?
Were nearly two-thirds of foreigners living in Hungary not under 40 years old?
Were 395,964 people (22.9%)  irreligious while 585,475 people (33.9%) did not declare their religion?
Is budapest also among the Top 100 GDP performing cities in the world, measured by PricewaterhouseCoopers?
Is the unemployment rate far the lowest in Budapest within Hungary?
Is budapest also a main base for CEE Stock Exchange Group through Budapest Stock Exchange which is one of the most important market of the group?
Are hungary's highest courts located in Budapest?
Are the decisions of the Curia on uniform jurisdiction binding for other courts?
Which city is also home to more than 100 embassies and representative bodies as an international political actor?
Was istván Tarlós, the current Mayor re-elected mayor for another 5-year term on the 2014 local elections?
Who is an independent (but supported by Fidesz) who assumed the office first on 3 October 2010?
Are the mayor and members of General Assembly not elected to five-year terms?
Was the latest, 2014 budget approved with 18 supporting votes from ruling Fidesz and 14 votes against by the opposition lawmakers?
Is another historical museum the House of Terror, hosted in the building that was the venue of the Nazi Headquarters?
Have the Castle Hill, the River Danube embankments and the whole of Andrássy út been officially recognized as UNESCO World Heritage Sites?
Is the former Royal Palace one of the symbols of Hungary – and has been the scene of battles and wars ever since the 13th century?
What avenue is an elegant 2.5 km (2 mi) long tree-lined street that covers the distance from Deák Ferenc tér to the Heroes Square?
What is a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
Are as far as Kodály körönd and Oktogon both sides lined with large shops and flats built close together?
Is heroes' Square dominated by the Millenary Monument, with the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in front?
Is one of the jewels of Andrássy út the Hungarian State Opera House?
Is the Dohány Street Synagogue not the largest synagogue in Europe, and the second largest active synagogue in the world?
Are other attractions the bridges of the capital?
Was the world's largest panorama photograph created in (and of) Budapest in 2010?
Are cards not available for 24, 48 or 72-hour durations?
Which city is also well known for its ruin bars both day and night?
Is a popular place frequented by locals Normafa, offering activities for all seasons?
Is the central feature not an octagonal pool over which light shines from a 10 metres (33 ft) diameter cupola, supported by eight pillars?
Were the Gellért Baths and Hotel built in 1918, although there had once been Turkish baths on the site, and in the Middle Ages a hospital?
What was also when the spa and treatment centre were founded?
Are the three outdoor pools (one of which is a fun pool)  open all year, including winter?
Are the Szécheny Baths not built in modern Renaissance style?
Is the aim 80%-20% by 2030 in accordance with the strategy of BKK?
Are day services usually from 4am until 23pm-0.30am?
Is budapest the most important Hungarian road terminus?
Is ring road M0 around Budapest nearly completed, with only one section missing on the west side due to local disputes?
Are hungarian main line railways operated by Hungarian State Railways?
Is budapest one of the main stops of the Orient Express on its Central and Eastern European route?
Is the river easily navigable?
Is the Pest side also a famous port place with international shipping ports for cargo and for passenger ships?
Is the culture of Budapest reflected by Budapest's size and variety?
Is budapest an important center for music, film, theatre, dance and visual art?
Have artists not been drawn into the city by opportunity, as the city government funds the arts with adequate financial resources?
Is budapest packed with museums and galleries?
Are the classical and unique Hungarian Art Nouveau buildings prominent?
Was the LOW Festival a multidisciplinary contemporary cultural festival held in Hungary in the cities Budapest and Pécs from February till March?
Is budapest Jewish Summer Festival, in late August, also one of the largest in Europe?
Which city is home to several authentic Hungarian folk dance ensembles which range from small ensembles to professional troupes?
Is budapest one of the few cities in the world where a high school for folk dance learning exists?
Is budapest a prominent location for the Hungarian entertainment industry, with many films, television series, books, and other media set there?
Is budapest not the largest centre for film and television production in Hungary?
Is modern Hungarian cuisine not a synthesis of ancient Asiatic components mixed with French, Germanic, Italian, and Slavic elements?
Which city are perfect places to find some green area in the city?
Is bandy played here?
Was budapest the host for the ITU Triathlon World Championships 2010, too?
Which city is the proud home for many Olympic, World, and Europen Championship winners and medalists?
Which city is also home to Hungarian bandy?
Were the Bandy World Championship for women 2007 and the Bandy World Championship 2004 /B-group/ not held here?
Is the Hungarian Grand Prix in Formula 1 a recurring event since 1986, being held at the Hungaroring just outside the city?
Is vancouver one of the most ethnically and linguistically diverse cities in Canada?
Is vancouver classed as a Beta global city?
Which city is located in the traditional territories of the Squamish, Musqueam, and Tseil-Waututh (Burrard) peoples of the Coast Salish group?
Which city is named after George Vancouver, who explored the inner harbour of Burrard Inlet in 1792 and gave various places British names?
Were the explorer and North West Company trader Simon Fraser and his crew the first known Europeans to set foot on the site of the present-day city?
What was quickly followed by mills owned by Captain Edward Stamp on the south shore of the inlet?
Which city was incorporated on 6 April 1886, the same year that the first transcontinental train arrived?
Was the Vancouver Fire Department established that year and the city quickly rebuilt?
Was the dominance of the economy by big business accompanied by an often militant labour movement?
Was the first major sympathy strike in 1903 when railway employees struck against the CPR for union recognition?
Was labour leader Frank Rogers killed by CPR police while picketing at the docks, becoming the movement's first martyr in British Columbia?
Were the workers arrested near Mission and interned in work camps for the duration of the Depression?
Were other social movements, such as the first-wave feminist, moral reform, and temperance movements not also instrumental in Vancouver's development?
Was king sent to investigate damages claims resulting from a riot when the Asiatic Exclusion League led a rampage through Chinatown and Japantown?
Was a federal law banning the manufacture, sale, and importation of opium for non-medicinal purposes soon passed based on these revelations?
Which fears were exacerbated by the attack on Pearl Harbor leading to the eventual internment or deportation of all Japanese-Canadians living in the city and the province?
Which city are both named after Royal Navy Captain George Vancouver (as is the city of Vancouver, Washington in the United States).?
Were the conifers a typical coastal British Columbia mix of Douglas fir, Western red cedar and Western Hemlock?
Is the area thought to have had the largest trees of these species on the British Columbia Coast?
Was the forest in Stanley Park logged between the 1860s and 1880s?
Were many plants and trees growing throughout Vancouver and the Lower Mainland imported from other parts of the continent and from points across the Pacific?
Are other streets lined with flowering chestnut, horse chestnut and other decorative shade trees?
Is vancouver not one of Canada's warmest cities in the winter?
Are the summer months not typically dry, with an average of only one in five days during July and August receiving precipitation?
Is vancouver also one of the wettest Canadian cities?
Are winters in Greater Vancouver the fourth mildest of Canadian cities after nearby Victoria, Nanaimo and Duncan, all on Vancouver Island?
Is urban planning in Vancouver not characterized by high-rise residential and mixed-use development in urban centres, as an alternative to sprawl?
Has vancouver not been ranked one of the most liveable cities in the world for more than a decade?
Is the Vancouver Art Gallery housed downtown in the neoclassical former courthouse built in 1906?
Is the 556-room Hotel Vancouver, opened in 1939 and the third by that name, across the street with its copper roof?
Was the Sun Tower's cupola finally exceeded as the Empire's tallest commercial building by the elaborate Art Deco Marine Building in the 1920s?
Is the Marine Building not known for its elaborate ceramic tile facings and brass-gilt doors and elevators, which make it a favourite location for movie shoots?
Is the second-tallest building in Vancouver the Private Residences at Hotel Georgia, at 156 metres (512 feet).?
Is the black population of Vancouver rather scant in comparison to other Canadian major cities, making up 0.9% of the city?
Was the neighbourhood of Strathcona the core of the city's Jewish community?
Was hogan's Alley, a small area adjacent to Chinatown, just off Main Street at Prior, once home to a significant black community?
Is vancouver host to one of the country's largest annual gay pride parades?
Is vancouver also the headquarters of forest product and mining companies?
Is vancouver the most stressed in the spectrum of affordability of housing in Canada?
Was the civic government dominated by the centre-right Non-Partisan Association (NPA) since World War II, albeit with some significant centre-left interludes until 2008?
Is vancouver governed by the eleven-member Vancouver City Council, a nine-member School Board, and a seven-member Park Board, all of whom serve three-year terms?
What was reaffirmed with the results of the 2005 provincial election and the 2006 federal election?
Was gregor Robertson, a former MLA for Vancouver-Fairview and head of Happy Planet, the mayoral candidate for Vision Vancouver, the other main contender?
Was the balance of power significantly shifted to Vision Vancouver, which held seven of the 10 spots for councillor?
Is vancouver a member municipality of Metro Vancouver, a regional government?
Is vancouver's property crime rate not particularly high, ranking among the highest for major North American cities?
Is jericho Beach in Vancouver the location of the headquarters of 39 Canadian Brigade Group of the Canadian Army?
Are more than 46 independent schools of a wide variety also eligible for partial provincial funding and educate approximately 10% of pupils in the city?
Is uBC's main campus located on the University Endowment Lands on Point Grey, the tip of Burrard Peninsula, with the city-proper adjacent to the east?
Is sFU's main campus in Burnaby?
Have international students and English as a Second Language (ESL) students been significant in the enrolment of these public and private institutions?
Is dances for a Small Stage a semi-annual dance festival?
Is downtown also home to the Contemporary Art Gallery (Vancouver).?
Is the Museum of Anthropology at UBC a leading museum of Pacific Northwest Coast First Nations culture?
Is a more interactive museum Science World at the head of False Creek?
Is the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra the professional orchestra based in the city?
Is the Vancouver Opera a major opera company in the city?
Which city is home to a number of Canadian composers including Rodney Sharman, Jeffrey Ryan, and Jocelyn Morlock?
Is vancouver a film and television production centre?
Are a wide mix of local, national, and international newspapers distributed in the city?
Are the two major English-language daily newspapers The Vancouver Sun and The Province?
Is vancouver the only major Canadian city with these trends?
Have residents not been more inclined to live in areas closer to their interests, or use more energy-efficient means of travel, such as mass transit and cycling?
What is, in part, the result of a push by city planners for a solution to traffic problems and pro-environment campaigns?
Is transLink responsible for roads and public transportation within Metro Vancouver?
Is vancouver's SkyTrain system currently running on three lines, the Millennium Line, the Expo Line and the Canada Line?
Are changes being made to the regional transportation network as part of Translink's 10-Year Transportation Plan?
Are changes being made to the regional transportation network as part of Translink's 10-Year Transportation Plan?
Is the Evergreen Line planned to link the cities of Coquitlam and Port Moody with the SkyTrain system by summer 2016?
Is vancouver served by Vancouver International Airport (YVR), located on Sea Island in the City of Richmond, immediately south of Vancouver?
Is vancouver's airport Canada's second-busiest airport, and the second-largest gateway on the west coast of North America for international passengers?
Which city is also served by two BC Ferry terminals?
Is vancouver also home to notable cycling races?
What race and the ubc grand prix are part of BC Superweek, an annual series of professional cycling races in Metro Vancouver?
Is vancouver a centre for the fast-growing sport of Ultimate?
Which city was one of the first cities in Canada to enter into an international sister cities arrangement?
Which city is also actively working towards becoming a greener city?
Was vancouver recognized as the fourth greenest city in the world according to the 2014 Global Green Economy Index?
Which city is a major political, economic, cultural and scientific center in Russia and in Eastern Europe?
What is the largest city in Russia, with a population of 12,111,194 people (2014).?
Is moscow situated on the Moskva River in the Central Federal District of European Russia making it the world's most populated inland city?
Which city is well known for its unique architecture which consists of many different historic buildings such as Saint Basil's Cathedral with its brightly colored domes?
Are the Moscow Kremlin and the Red Square also one of several World Heritage Sites in the city?
What is recognized as one of the city's landmarks due to the rich and varied architecture of its 194 stations?
Was the Plague of 1771 not the last massive outbreak of plague in central Russia, claiming up to 100,000 lives in Moscow alone?
Were many factories evacuated?
Is teplostanskaya highland the city's highest point at 255 metres (837 feet).?
Is daylight saving time no longer observed?
Were record high temperatures recorded for January, March, April, May, August, November and December in 2007?
What is 1961-1990 normals table?
Was the last decade the warmest in the history of meteorological observations of Moscow?
Were most of the surviving churches and monasteries closed and then used as clubs, offices, factories or even warehouses?
What was built on the site of the old demolished cathedral, where there had been a huge open swimming-pool until 1994?
Was the first Kremlin built in the middle of the 12th century?
Was medieval Moscow's design not of concentric walls and intersecting radial thoroughfares?
Was the Kremlin rebuilt in the 15th century?
Were houses made of pine and spruce logs, with shingled roofs plastered with sod or covered by birch bark?
Was the rebuilding of Moscow in the second half of the 18th century necessitated not only by constant fires, but also the needs of the nobility?
Were especially notable not the constructivist architects associated with VKHUTEMAS, responsible for such landmarks as Lenin's Mausoleum?
What was built between 1919 and 1922 as a transmission tower for a Russian broadcasting company?
Are most of these date from the post-Stalin era and the styles often named after the leader then in power (Brezhnev, Khrushchev, etc.).?
What is estimated that Moscow has over twice as many elevators as New York City and four times as many as Chicago?
Which restored structures are easily spotted by their bright new colors and spotless façades?
Were many of these restorations criticized for alleged disrespect of historical authenticity?
Is facadism also widely practiced?
Is moscow's skyline quickly modernizing with several new towers under construction?
Are some parks designated as Forest Parks (lesopark).?
Is izmaylovsky Park, created in 1931, one of the largest urban parks in the world along with Richmond Park in London?
Is tsytsin Main Botanical Garden of Academy of Sciences, founded in 1945 the largest in Europe?
Is lilac Park, founded in 1958, known for its permanent sculpture display and a large rosarium?
Is the Church of the Ascension at Kolomenskoye, which dates from 1532, also a UNESCO World Heritage Site and another popular attraction?
Are many of Moscow's parks and landscaped gardens not protected natural environments?
Is moscow's road system not centered roughly around the Kremlin at the heart of the city?
Is the second primary ring, located outside the bell end of the Boulevard Ring, the Sadovoye Koltso (Garden Ring).?
Was the third ring, the Third Transport Ring, completed in 2003 as a high-speed freeway?
Is the Fourth Transport Ring, another freeway, under construction to further reduce traffic congestion?
Is the Tretyakov Gallery split into two buildings?
Is the State Historical Museum of Russia (Государственный Исторический музей)  a museum of Russian history located between Red Square and Manege Square in Moscow?
Is the total number of objects in the museum's collection numbers not several million?
Is moscow also the heart of the Russian performing arts, including ballet and film?
Are the repertories in a typical Moscow season are numerous and modern interpretations of classic works, whether operatic or theatrical, quite common?
Is the Moscow International Performance Arts Center, opened in 2003, also known as Moscow International House of Music, known for its performances in classical music?
Is memorial Museum of Astronautics under the Monument to the Conquerors of Space in the end of Cosmonauts Alley the central memorial place for the Russian space officials?
Are forty other sport complexes located within the city, including twenty-four with artificial ice?
Was moscow again the host of the competition in 2010, this time in Krylatskoye?
Was moscow the host city of the 1980 Summer Olympics, although the yachting events were held at Tallinn, in present-day Estonia?
Were the Games finally awarded to London?
Are other big ice hockey clubs from Moscow HC Dynamo Moscow, which was the second most titled team in the Soviet Union, and HC Spartak Moscow?
Is another strong basketball club from Moscow MBC Dynamo Moscow?
Were some of them the best players in the world?
Was pFC CSKA Moscow not the first Russian football team to win a UEFA title?
Are fC Lokomotiv Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Torpedo Moscow other professional football teams also based in Moscow?
Is slava Moscow a professional rugby club, competing in the national Professional Rugby League?
Is mFK Dinamo Moskva one of the major futsal clubs in Europe?
Which city is full of different kinds of clubs, restaurants and bars?
Is tverskaya Street also one of the busiest shopping streets in Moscow?
Is moscow not the seat of power for the Russian Federation?
Is moscow designated as one of only two Federal cities of Russia (the other one being Saint Petersburg).?
Which language is the Charter of Moscow that was adopted in 1995?
Is the Mayor of Moscow the leading official in the executive?
Which city is divided into twelve administrative okrugs and 123 districts?
Has the Moscow Automobile Ring Road (MKAD)  been Moscow's boundary since 1960?
Is such the case with the All-Russia Exhibition Centre, the Botanical Garden, large parks, and industrial zones?
Have many new business centers and office buildings not been built in recent years?
Is the Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant one of the leading producers of military and civil helicopters in the world?
Was the Electrozavod factory the first transformer factory in Russia?
Was private ownership of apartments limited until the 1990s, when people were permitted to secure property rights to the places they inhabited?
What is a Russian Federal Agency for Health and Social Development?
What is one of the largest medical universities in Russia and Europe?
Is moscow one of the largest science centers in Russia?
Are the headquarters of the Russian Academy of Sciences located in Moscow as well as numerous research and applied science institutions?
Is the Russian State Library, founded in 1862 the national library of Russia?
Is the State Public Historical Library, founded in 1863, not the largest library specialising in Russian history?
Is the North River Terminal, built in 1937, not also the main hub for long-range river routes?
What is used by some suburban trains?
Is the Moscow Metro one of the world's busiest metro systems, serving about ten million passengers daily?
Was the newest line not built in 1984?
Have new tram models been developed for the Moscow network despite the lack of expansion?
Are commercial taxi services also available?
Is the Moscow International Business Center a projected new part of central Moscow?
Was the project not conceived by the Moscow government in 1992?
What area is the only spot in downtown Moscow that can accommodate a project of this magnitude?
Were three metro stations initially planned for the Filyovskaya Line?
What was recently announced that there are plans to extend the branch as far as the Savyolovskaya station, on the Serpukhovsko-Timiryazevskaya Line?
Are many of yesterday's monstrous development groups now in a near-bankrupt state like the Mirax-group or AFI Development?
Is moscow home to nearly all of Russia's nationwide television networks, radio stations, newspapers and magazines?
Are kommersant, Vedomosti and Novaya Gazeta Russian-language media headquartered in Moscow?
Are kommersant and Vedomosti not among the country's leading and oldest Russian-language business newspapers?
Is moscow also home to many people who have become famous in various branches of culture, science, sports, etc.?
Is abu Dhabi full of archeological evidence that points to civilizations, such as the Umm an-Nar Culture, having been located there from the third millennium BC?
Were settlements also found further outside the modern city of Abu Dhabi but closer to the modern city of Al Ain?
Were the Bani Yas bedouin originally centered on the Liwa Oasis?
What tribe was the most significant in the area, having over 20 subsections?
What was followed by a seventy-five-year concession signed in January 1939?
Which city is on the northeastern part of the Persian Gulf in the Arabian Peninsula?
Is abu Dhabi Island also connected to Saadiyat Island by a five-lane motorway bridge?
What is a multilayer interchange bridge?
Is about 1.2% of the total land area used for agriculture?
Is a small part of the land area covered by mountains, containing several caves?
Are the months of June through September generally extremely hot and humid with maximum temperatures averaging above 38 °C (100 °F).?
Is the cooler season from November to March, which ranges between moderately hot to cold?
Is khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan the hereditary ruler of Abu Dhabi (UAE).?
Who is a son of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan, the first president of the United Arab Emirates?
Which amendments are considered to be the first step in a wider electoral reform program which will see greater representation at a federal level?
What is arguably one of the most important architectural treasures of contemporary UAE society—and one of the most opulent in the world?
What trend is reflected in Abu Dhabi with substantial new investment in industry, real estate, tourism and retail?
Is abu Dhabi the wealthiest emirate of the UAE in terms of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and per capita income?
Is more than $1 trillion invested worldwide in this city alone?
Is abu Dhabi's government looking to expand revenue from oil and gas production to tourism and other sorts of features which would attract different types of people?
What idea of diversification of the economy is also seen in the Abu Dhabi Economic Vision 2030 planned by the Abu Dhabi Urban Planning Council?
Is the water supply in Abu Dhabi managed by the Abu Dhabi Water and Electricity Company?
Is cellular coverage extensive?
Was internet introduced into Abu Dhabi in 1995?
Is the current network supported by a bandwidth of 6 GB, with 50,000 dialup and 150,000 broadband ports?
Which city was planned in the 1970s for an estimated maximum population of 600,000?
Is abu Dhabi a modern city with broad boulevards, tall office and apartment buildings, and busy shops?
Are principal thoroughfares the Corniche, Airport Road, Sheikh Zayed Street, Hamdan Street and Khalifa Street?
Is abu Dhabi known in the region for its greenery?
Is the UPC also working on similar plans for the regions of Al-Ain and Al-Gharbia?
Were approximately 79.6% of the population expatriates?
Was the median age in the emirate about 30.1 years?
Are the native-born population Arabic-speaking Arabs who are part of a clan-based society?
Are street taxis easily recognised?
Have all the old taxis been phased out?
Are a total of 1,360 buses expected to be in operation by 2010?
Is a massive expansion of public transport anticipated within the framework of the government's Surface Transport Master Plan 2030?
Is abu Dhabi home to a number of cultural institutions including the Cultural Foundation and the National Theater?
Is the Cultural Foundation, while closed for reconstruction as of spring 2011, not home to the UAE Public Library and Cultural Center?
Has the Red Bull Air Race World Series been a spectacular sporting staple for the city for many years, bringing tens of thousands to the waterfront?
Is another major event the Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition and Conference (ADIPEC).?
Are shisha and qahwa boutiques also popular in Abu Dhabi?
Was the first known poet from the UAE, Ibn Majid, not born sometime between 1432 and 1437 in Ras Al Khaimah?
Is daher not important because he used Nabati poetry (AKA Bedouin poetry), poetry written in the vernacular instead of the classical/religious Arabic?
What book is effectually an encyclopædia about navigation and sailing in and around the Indian Ocean?
Are all schools in the emirate not under the authority of the Abu Dhabi Education Council?
Are students from 9 to 13 years old not taught Brazilian jiu-jitsu as part of the curriculum?
Is the plan for up to 500 schools to be participating in the school-jitsu program by 2015?
Are football and cricket very popular in the city?
Is cricket also popular because of South Asian expats?
Has another location known as the Dome not been created for mainly football events among others?
Is motorsport not popular throughout the country?
Is abu Dhabi twinned with?
What was known as Punyanagari in earlier times?
What is situated 560 metres (1,837 feet) above sea level on the Deccan plateau, on the right bank of the Mutha river?
Is pune considered the cultural capital of Maharashtra?
Was the Pataleshwar rock-cut temple complex built during this era?
Was pune part of the Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri from the 9th century to 1327?
Was pune not part of the fiefdom granted to Maloji Bhosale in 1599 for his services to the Nizamshahi of Ahmadnagar?
Was his gradson, Shivaji, the founder of Maratha Empire, not born on Shivneri fort not far from Pune?
Was shivaji not brought up by his mother in Pune?
Was the Lal Mahal completed in 1640?
Is jijabai not said to have commissioned the building of the Kasba Ganapati temple?
Was the construction completed in 1730, ushering in the era of Peshwa control of the city?
Is the aqueduct still operational?
Were sadashiv Peth, Narayan Peth, Rasta Peth, and Nana Peth developed in this era?
Were the Peshwas not defeated at the Battle of Khadki (then spelt Kirkee) on 5 November near Pune?
Were navi Peth, Ganj Peth (now renamed Mahatma Phule Peth)  developed during the British Raj?
Was pune an important centre in the social and religious reform movements of the late 19th century?
Was pune prominently associated with the struggle for Indian independence?
Which city was also a centre for social reform led by Mahatma Jyotirao Phule, feminist Tarabai Shinde, Dhondo Keshav Karve and Pandita Ramabai?
Is the explosion now suspected to be an improvised explosive device using an ammonium nitrate fuel oil mix?
Was the blast a first in what was until then the relatively safe environment of Pune?
Is pune not located 560 m (1,840 ft) above sea level on the western margin of the Deccan plateau?
What is situated on the leeward side of the Sahyadri mountain range, which forms a barrier from the Arabian sea?
What is a hilly city, with its tallest hill, Vetal Hill, rising to 800 m (2,600 ft) above sea level?
Is central Pune located at the confluence of the Mula and Mutha rivers?
Which are administered by the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation?
Are typical summer months from March to May, with maximum temperatures ranging from 30 to 38 °C (86 to 100 °F).?
Was the highest temperature ever recorded 42.3 °C (108.1 °F) on 30 April 1897?
Are hailstorms also common in this region?
Was the lowest temperature ever recorded not 1.7 °C (35 °F) on 17 January 1935?
Was the population of the urban agglomeration estimated to be around 4,485,000 in 2005?
Which language is the official and most widely spoken language, while English and Hindi are understood and spoken?
Is 52.3% of Pune's population in the 15–59 years age category?
Is around 11% of the population not under 6 years of age?
Is hinduism the dominant religion in Pune?
Are many Churches, Masjids, Gurudwaras, Buddhist Viharas, Jain temples and other religious buildings not found throughout the city?
Is the most prominent Hindu temple in Pune the Parvati Temple, located on Parvati hill and visible from most of the inner suburbs?
Is sarasbaug Ganpati also a prominent landmark in Pune?
Is the Rock-cut Pataleshwar Temple believed to be one of the oldest temples in the city?
Are the (Samadhi) (shrines) of Bhakti Saints, Dnyaneshwar and Tukaram Maharaj, located near Pune at Alandi and Dehu respectively?
Is islam the second largest religion in Pune?
Is the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pune (Latin: Poonen (sis))  not located here?
What is a part of the Ecclesiastical province of Mumbai established in 1854 as the Apostolic Vicariate of Pune from the Apostolic Vicariate of Bombay?
Were american missionaries the first to start evangelising local people, building many churches and schools in Pune?
Are pune's Christians also called Marathi Christians because of their use of the Marathi language?
Is the Vineyard Workers' Church not a popular place of Christian worship in Dapodi, a village near Pune?
Is pune known for its Marathi-speaking Jews?
What was established in 1989 by Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati?
Has pune been associated with several significant spiritual teachers?
Is pune also the birthplace of Meher Baba, although his followers usually travel to Meherabad to visit his tomb?
Who was an Afghan Muslim noted for her great age and outdoor existence?
Are gurudwaras in Camp, Kharki, Aundh, Pimpri, Akrudi, Budhwar Peth not the prominent ones?
Is the Camp Gurudwara one of the main gurudwaras, with more than 300 people visiting it every day?
Is pune said to be the cultural capital of the state of Maharashtra?
Are sorghum and Pearl millet the main ingredients of traditional Pune food?
Are vada Pav, Misal Pav, Poha, Dabeli, and Bhelpuri common and famous street foods?
Was shaniwar Wada not the palace of the Peshwa (Prime Minister of Chhatrapati) in Pune?
Was the Palace destroyed in a big fire in 1827?
Is the 21 feet tall massive door of the palace known as Delhi Darwaza one of the remains of the grand old Palace?
Was the temple not founded in 1893 by Dagadusheth Halwai, a wealthy sweet mart owner?
Is the Museum located at the busy Bajirao Road in the heart of Pune city?
Was saras Baug constructed by Nanasaheb Peshwa in the 18th century?
What is located against the scenic background of Parvati Hills?
Is parvati Hill a picturesque spot perched atop Pune city?
Is parvati Hill Temple, believed to be built during the 17th century, an important Hindu religious destination here?
Is the Parvati Hill not an ideal location for trekkers?
Is the ashram a prime attraction for tourists who are followers of Bhagwan Rajneesh's ideologies and preaching?
What is a resort for meditation and yoga?
What structure is famous for its fine entrance and the balcony with carved woodwork?
Was the Bund Garden constructed by Sir Jamshedji with an aim to provide water to the poor for farming?
What is an ideal place for visitors looking for some calm and peace away from busy city life?
Is shirgaon Sai Temple popularly known as Prati-Shirdi among Sai devotees?
Is the automotive sector prominent in Pune?
What is home to the Automotive Research Association of India, which is responsible for the homologation of all vehicles available in India?
Are all sectors of the automotive industry represented, from two-wheelers and autorickshaws to cars, tractors, tempos, excavators and trucks?
Is one of the leading global consulting firms, Frost & Sullivan, located on Baner Road?
Was india's largest engineering conglomerate, the Kirloskar Group, the first to bring industry to Pune by setting up Kirloskar Oil Engines Ltd.?
Was the Group originally set up in Kirloskarwadi?
Are ltd., and other Kirloskar companies based in Pune?
Is the estimated investment in the project 600 billion (US$9.4 billion).?
Is pune Food Cluster development project an initiative funded by the World Bank?
What is being implemented with the help of SIDBI, Cluster Craft to facilitate the development of the fruit and vegetable processing industries in and around Pune?
What is being implemented with the help of SIDBI, Cluster Craft to facilitate the development of the fruit and vegetable processing industries in and around Pune?
Is the US$115 million project developed by the Pimpri-Chinchwad New Town Development Authority?
Is pune the largest hub in India for German companies?
Is pune not one of the premier industrial centres of India?
What is home to one of the world's three largest two-wheeler manufacturers, Bajaj Auto?
Which city is managed by the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC).?
Is actual executive power vested in the Municipal Commissioner, an officer of the Indian Administrative Service who is appointed by the Government of Maharashtra?
What body would be the executing authority which would acquire and develop reserve land to improve the infrastructure of the Pune metropolitan area?
Is the Pune Police headed by the Police Commissioner of Pune, an officer of the Indian Police Service?
Was pune not the largest military camp for the British forces during the Raj?
Which city is known for its British Raj and the Garden city movement layout of the Cantonment in the early twentieth century?
Is a large railway museum also coming up in Lonavala, about 60 km (37 mi) away from the city, on the Mumbai railway line?
What is situated about 40 km (25 mi) from Pune on old Pune-Mumbai highway approaching toward Lonawala which already beckon tourist attraction?
Is adlabs Imagica another attraction near Khopoli?
Is pu La Deshpande Udyan(The Pune-Okayama Friendship Garden)  a replica of the Korakuen Garden in Okayama, Japan?
Was the Aga Khan Palace built by Sultan Muhammed Shah Aga Khan III in Pune, India?
What is also the place where Kasturba Gandhi and Mahadev Desai died?
Is the Rajiv Gandhi Zoological Park not located at Katraj, close to the city?
Was the zoo, earlier located at Peshwe Park, merged with the reptile park at Katraj in 1999?
Are the Tilak Smarak Mandir, Bala Gandharva Rangmandir, Bharat Natya Mandir, Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagriha, and Sudarshan Rangmanch prominent theatres in the city?
Is ganesh Kala Krida Rangamanch the largest closed theatre in the city, with a seating capacity of 45,000?
Is the Sawai Gandharva Sangeet Mahotsav, one of the most prominent and sought-after Indian classical music festivals in India not held in Pune every year in December?
Are private schools run by educational trusts or individuals?
Is pune not the largest centre for Japanese learning in India?
Are most colleges in Pune affiliated to the University of Pune, established in 1948?
Is pune also home to Symbiosis Institute of Technology of the Symbiosis family?
Is iLS Law College, established by the Indian Law Society, not one of the top ten law schools in India?
Is pune not home to some of India's important research institutes?
Is pune International Airport an international airport at Lohegaon, operated by the Airports Authority of India?
Is the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation responsible for the design and construction of a New Pune International Airport?
Is the area between Chakan and Rajgurunagar, around the villages of Chandus and Shiroli, being considered as a construction site?
Is the area between Chakan and Rajgurunagar, around the villages of Chandus and Shiroli, being considered as a construction site?
Is pune Metro Rail being planned in consultation with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited, the corporation which built and operates the Delhi Metro?
Is pune Metro Rail being planned in consultation with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation Limited, the corporation which built and operates the Delhi Metro?
Is the station administered by the Pune Railway Division of the Central Railways?
Are all the railway lines to Pune not broad gauge?
What is operated for Diesel Locomotives?
Are both public and private transport not popular in Pune?
Is pune well-connected to other cities by Indian highways and state highways?
Is a ring road being planned for the convenience of heavy traffic?
Is a ring road being planned for the convenience of heavy traffic?
Is pune served by two intra-city highways: Old Pune-Mumbai Highway and Katraj-Dehu Road Bypass, a part of National Highway 4?
Has metro Rail Project been proposed in Pune Metropolitan Area?
Is the Pune International Marathon an annual Marathon conducted in Pune?
Were the 2008 Commonwealth Youth Games held in Pune?
What game was further developed in England?
Is cricket played between clubs affiliated with the Maharashtra Cricket Association, which maintains a domestic cricket team (the Maharashtra cricket team).?
Is jawaharlal Nehru Stadium the venue for National?
What has been named after the First Prime Minister of Independent India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru?
What team was later drowned before the IPL-7 started?
Is blades of Glory, India's first cricket museum, based out of Pune?
Is bal Gandharva Ranga Mandir a theatre auditorium and exhibition hall located in Pune which hosts Marathi dramas?
Is the theatre named after the great Marathi singer and stage actor, Bal Gandharva?
Is pune also famous for The Bhandarkar Oriental Research Institute?
Is the Pune Football Club, also known as Pune FC, a recently founded football club that plays in the Indian Football League?
What was established on August 2007?
What is normally a two or three-day event with activities like cycling, trekking, river-crossing, and rifle shooting?
Which city has been host to the 2009 FIVB Men's Junior World Championship?
Was the Pune Race course, located in Pune Cantonment, built in 1830 over 118.5 acres (0.480 km2) of land?
Is the land controlled by the Indian Army?
Is the racing season from July to October every year?
Were the first rules of the game written in Pune in 1873, by the British?
What is known for its interesting and meaningful work in the field of child development since 1985?
Is the Gliding Centre an undertaking of the Directorate General of Civil Aviation, Civil Aviation Department, Government of India?
Is the club closed during the monsoons?
Is the Royal Connaught Boat Club not one of several boating clubs on the Mula-Mutha river?
Is a new cricket stadium, Pune International Cricket Centre renamed as Subroto Roy Cricket Stadium, under construction in Gahunje on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway near Pune?
Is dhanraj Pillay ex-captain of the Indian national field hockey team?
Has the women's team been the national cup holder for 2 consecutive years and thrice since the all India women's 7s 2009?
Is the JKNSKI headed by Naresh Sharma who is an international martial arts title holder and advanced dan grade in the Japanese martial arts?
Which city is known for being dog-friendly, with numerous hotels, restaurants and retail establishments admitting guests with dogs?
Is carmel not also divided into 3 sections: Carmel-by-the-Sea, Carmel Valley and Carmel Highlands?
Is the Carmel-by-the-Sea area permeated by Native American, early Spanish and American history?
Who was buried with full military honors?
Was escolle well known and prosperous in the City of Monterey, owning the first commercial bakery, pottery kiln, and brickworks in Central California?
Were the new residents offered home lots – ten dollars down, little or no interest, and whatever they could pay on a monthly basis?
Was a photo of the fire from 1949 still on file 60 years later at the rebuilt theatre illustrating the loss to the city's culture and history?
Were original works and the plays of Shakespeare the primary focus?
Was kuster a musician and lawyer from Los Angeles who relocated to Carmel to establish his own theatre and school?
What was rebuilt and reopened in 1952?
Is pacific Repertory Theatre (PacRep), a regional theatre company, not the only professional (Equity) company in Carmel and the Monterey Peninsula?
Who was associated with Mary Austin, as well as Jack London, who also spent considerable time in the Carmel and Monterey area?
Who is often credited with making Carmel world-famous?
Who is best known for her tribute to the deserts of the American Southwest, The Land of Little Rain?
Is austin often credited as suggesting the idea for the outdoor stage?
Was construction completed in mid-1919?
Was the permanent gallery completed in 1933 at its present location on Dolores Street?
Is the Festival a celebration of music and ideas inspired by the historical and ongoing influence of J.S.?
What was founded in December 1946 in the Carmel home of its first president Grace Howden?
What is currently led by Spanish conductor Max Bragado Darman who joined the orchestra in 2004?
Is carmel not a general law city that is governed by a mayor and 4 city council members?
Is the current mayor not Jason Burnett?
Is carmel-by-the-Sea not an exceptionally dog-friendly city?
Are dogs not not permitted, however in Devendorf Park (on Ocean Ave.?
Is the wet season from October to May?
Were hispanic or Latino of any race not 174 persons (4.7%).?
Was the average household size 1.78?
Was the median age 59.2 years?
Which neighborhoods are officially located in the unincorporated area of Monterey County, which provides most primary services, including law enforcement, street repairs and public transit?
Was classical Athens not a powerful city-state that emerged in conjunction with the seagoing development of the port of Piraeus?
Is athens not also the southernmost capital on the European mainland?
Is athens home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Acropolis of Athens and the medieval Daphni Monastery?
Was athens the host city of the first modern-day Olympic Games in 1896?
Is athens not home to the National Archeological Museum, featuring the world's largest collection of ancient Greek antiquities, as well as the new Acropolis Museum?
Is the oldest known human presence in Athens not the Cave of Schist, which has been dated to between the 11th and 7th millennium BC?
Has athens been continuously inhabited for at least 7000 years?
Which would pave the way for the eventual introduction of democracy by Cleisthenes in 508 BC?
Is athens built around a number of hills?
What issue is not unique to Athens?
Are cephissus river, Ilisos and Eridanos stream the historical rivers of Athens?
Is the dominant feature of Athens's climate alternation between prolonged hot and dry summers and mild winters with moderate rainfall?
Are july and August the driest months, where thunderstorms occur sparsely once or twice a month?
Are snowfalls not more frequent in the northern suburbs of the city?
Is the current mayor of Athens not Giorgos Kaminis?
Was the centre of Athens largely rebuilt, leading to the demolition of a number of neoclassical buildings?
What is to be found between the Parliament and Zappeion buildings, the latter of which maintains its own garden of seven hectares?
Is athens' largest zoo not the Attica Zoological Park, a 20-hectare (49-acre) private zoo located in the suburb of Spata?
Is athens the financial capital of Greece?
Which city is a world centre of archaeological research?
Which city is also home to the Demokritos laboratory for Archaeometry, alongside regional and national archaeological authorities that form part of the Greek Department of Culture?
Is the Athens Planetarium, located in Andrea Syngrou Avenue, one of the largest and best equipped digital planetaria in the world?
Have events in other sports such as athletics, volleyball, water polo etc., not been hosted in the capital's venues?
Is athens home to three European multi-sport clubs: Olympiacos, Panathinaikos, AEK Athens?
Were notable composers of operettas or nocturnes not Kostas Giannidis, Dionysios Lavrangas, Nikos Hatziapostolou, while Theophrastos Sakellaridis' The Godson remains probably the most popular operetta?
Was nikos Gounaris probably the most renowned composer and singer of the time?
Are other forms of song popular today in Greece elafrolaika, entechno, dimotika, and skyladika?
Are greece's most notable, and internationally famous, composers of Greek song, mainly of the entechno form, not Manos Hadjidakis and Mikis Theodorakis?
Are many of them accredited by a foreign state or university such as the American College of Greece and the Athens Campus of the University of Indianapolis?
Is athens not serviced by a variety of transportation means, forming the largest mass transit system of Greece?
Is ethel (Greek: ΕΘΕΛ) (Etaireia Thermikon Leoforeion), or Thermal Bus Company, the main operator of buses in Athens?
Are all of the 366 trolleybuses not equipped to enable them to run on diesel in case of power failure?
Are extensions under construction to the west southwest suburbs of Athens, reaching to the port and the center of Piraeus?
Is iSAP's occupancy rate 600,000 passengers daily?
Is the service sometimes considered the fourth line of the Athens Metro?
Are further extensions planned towards the major commercial port of Piraeus?
Is the airport served by the Metro, the suburban rail, buses to Piraeus port, Athens' city centre and its suburbs, and also taxis?
Were the 1906 Summer Olympics, or the 1906 Intercalated games, held in Athens?
What was to be the second time Athens would host the games, following the inaugural event of 1896?
Were some of the finest sporting venues in the world created in the city, all of which were fully ready for the games?
Were the 2004 Games judged a success, as both security and organization worked well?
Was the only observable problem a somewhat sparse attendance of some early events?
Was the 2011 Special Olympics World Summer Games held from June, 25th 2011 – July, 4th 2011 in Athens, Greece?
Is singapore (/ˈsɪŋəpɔr/ or /ˈsɪŋɡəpɔr/), officially the Republic of Singapore, a sovereign city-state and island country in Southeast Asia?
Is singapore not separated from Peninsular Malaysia by the Straits of Johor to the north, and from Indonesia's Riau Islands by the Singapore Strait to the south?
Is the country highly urbanised?
Were the islands settled in the second century AD and subsequently belonged to a series of local empires?
Was modern Singapore founded in 1819 by Sir Stamford Raffles as a trading post of the East India Company with permission from the Johor Sultanate?
Is singapore one of the world's major commercial hubs, with the fourth-biggest financial centre and one of the five busiest ports?
Is singapore a unitary multiparty parliamentary republic, with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government?
Were the 1954 National Service Riots, Chinese middle schools riots, and Hock Lee bus riots in Singapore all linked to these events?
Was everyone who was living in Singapore on the date of independence offered Singapore citizenship?
Is singapore a parliamentary republic with a Westminster system of unicameral parliamentary government representing constituencies?
Is the legal system of Singapore based on English common law, but with substantial local differences?
Was trial by jury abolished in 1970 so that judicial decisions would rest entirely in the hands of appointed judges?
Has singapore been consistently rated among the least corrupt countries in the world by Transparency International?
Are jurong Island, Pulau Tekong, Pulau Ubin and Sentosa not the largest of Singapore's smaller islands?
Is the highest natural point Bukit Timah Hill at 163.63 m (537 ft).?
Is the country projected to grow by another 100 km2 (40 sq mi) by 2030?
Has close to 10 percent of Singapore's land been set aside for parks and nature reserves?
Was the aim to soften the harshness of urbanisation and improve the quality of life?
Are april and May the hottest months, with the wetter monsoon season from November to January?
What was also the main British naval base in East Asia?
Is the Singaporean economy not known as one of the freest, most innovative, most competitive, and most business-friendly?
Is singapore the 14th largest exporter and the 15th largest importer in the world?
Are foreign firms not found in almost all sectors of the country's economy?
Is singapore also the second-largest foreign investor in India?
Is roughly 44 percent of the Singaporean workforce made up of non-Singaporeans?
Is the currency of Singapore not the Singapore dollar, issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore?
What is interchangeable with the Brunei dollar?
Is the port one of the five busiest ports in the world?
Is singapore an education hub?
Were the students mainly from ASEAN, China and India?
Is most work in Singapore not in the service sector, which employed 2,151,400 people out of 3,102,500 jobs in December 2010?
Is the percentage of unemployed economically active people above age 15 not about 2%?
Is acute poverty rare in Singapore?
Is singapore's foreign policy aimed at maintaining security in Southeast Asia and surrounding territories?
Is an underlying principle political and economic stability in the region?
What was agreed to in 2007 for implementation by 2015?
Are other regional organisations important to Singapore?
What is also a member of the Non-Aligned Movement and the Commonwealth?
Have some previous disputes been resolved by the International Court of Justice?
What is seen as the guarantor of the country's independence?
Is the nation's philosophy of defence one of diplomacy and deterrence?
What force was considered too small to provide effective security for the new country?
Were new Zealand troops the last to leave, in 1989?
Was the main fear after independence an invasion by Malaysia?
Is the MATADOR one example of recent Singapore-Israeli collaboration?
Is the SAF being developed to respond to a wide range of issues, in both conventional and unconventional warfare?
Is the SAF being developed to respond to a wide range of issues, in both conventional and unconventional warfare?
Is the Defence Science and Technology Agency responsible for procuring resources for the military?
Is training also held in about a dozen other countries?
Is singapore part of the Five Power Defence Arrangements, a military alliance with Australia, Malaysia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom?
Is the average household size 3.47 persons?
Are live-in foreign domestic workers not quite common in Singapore, with about 224,500 foreign domestic workers there, as of December 2013?
Is the rate of home ownership 87%?
Is mobile phone penetration rate extremely high at 156 mobile phone subscribers per 100 people?
Is buddhism not the most widely practised religion in Singapore, with 33% of the resident population declaring themselves adherents at the most recent census?
Is the next-most practised religion Christianity, followed by Islam, Taoism, and Hinduism?
Is soka Gakkai International, a Japanese Buddhist organisation, practised by many people in Singapore, but mostly by those of Chinese descent?
Are many, but not all, Singaporeans bilingual in English and another official language, with vastly varying degrees of fluency?
Is singapore English based on British English?
Is singlish heavily discouraged by the government?
Is mandarin the language that is spoken as the native tongue by the greatest number of Singaporeans, half of them?
Is singaporean Mandarin the most common version of Chinese in the country, with 1.2 million using it as their home language?
Is internet in Singapore provided by internet service providers (ISPs) that offer residential service plans of speeds up to 1 Gbit/s?
Is education for primary, secondary, and tertiary levels mostly supported by the state?
Is only the primary level not compulsory?
Is the curriculum focused on the development of English, the mother tongue, mathematics, and science?
Which language is the same as in the primary level, although classes are much more specialised?
Are national examinations standardised across all schools, with a test taken after each stage?
Is life expectancy in Singapore 80 for males and 85 for females, placing the country 4th in the world for life expectancy?
Is singapore a very diverse and young country?
Were many of them transient labourers who were seeking to make some money in Singapore?
What is a marked improvement from 1990 where 40% of Singaporeans were illiterate in English?
Are singaporean Indians much more religious?
Are only 1% of them atheists?
Are six in ten not Hindu, two in ten Muslim, and the rest mostly Christian?
Is singapore, as a country, in general not conservative socially?
Was one highlight the construction of Esplanade – Theatres on the Bay, a performing arts centre opened in October 2002?
Is the annual Singapore Arts Festival not organised by the National Arts Council?
Has the stand-up comedy scene been growing, with a weekly open mic?
Are water sports popular, including sailing, kayaking and water skiing?
Is scuba diving another popular recreational sport?
Is the Singapore Slingers, formerly in the Australian National Basketball League, one of the inaugural teams in the ASEAN Basketball League, founded in October 2009?
Is television censored?
Are car prices generally significantly higher in Singapore than in other English-speaking countries?
Is singapore not a major international transport hub in Asia, positioned on many sea and air trade routes?
What is also the world's second-busiest, behind Shanghai, in terms of cargo tonnage with 423 million tons handled?
Is singapore an aviation hub for Southeast Asia and a stopover on the Kangaroo Route between Sydney and London?
Are the national airlines Singapore Airlines, SilkAir and Scoot?
Is suzhou, formerly romanized as Soochow, a major city in the southeast of Jiangsu Province in Eastern China, adjacent to Shanghai Municipality?
What is the economical, trading and logistics center of Jiangsu, and the second largest city in the province after its capital Nanjing?
Were the classical gardens in Suzhou not added to the list of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites in 1997 and 2000?
Is the character 蘇 or 苏 a contraction referring to nearby Mount Gusu (t 姑蘇山, s 姑苏山, p Gūsūshān).?
Is suzhou, the cradle of Wu culture, one of the oldest towns in the Yangtze Basin?
What town was also known as Wu from the name of its kingdom?
What was followed by the Mongol invasion in 1275?
Were many of the famous private gardens constructed by the gentry of the Ming and Qing dynasties?
Was the next crisis the Japanese invasion in 1937?
Were many gardens devastated by the end of the war?
Is the urban core of Suzhou not informally called Old Town Suzhou?
What is Gusu District?
Is suzhou one of the most prosperous cities in China?
Is the Suzhou prefecture home to many high-tech enterprises?
Is suzhou famous for its Classical Gardens, collectively a UNESCO World Heritage Site?
Are the Humble Administrator's Garden and Lingering Garden among the four most famous classical gardens in China?
Is hanshan Temple (Cold Mountain Temple; Chinese: 寒山寺)  not a Buddhist temple and monastery in Suzhou?
What is near Fengqiao (Maple Bridge; Chinese: 枫桥), about 5 km (3 mi) west of the old city of Suzhou?
Is xiyuan Temple (Monastery Garden; Chinese: 西园寺), built in the Yuan Dynasty, the largest Buddhist temple in Suzhou?
What is close to the Lingering Garden, which was originally called the East Garden?
Is the street along east-west direction in front of the temple called Guanqian Street (观前街), a famed business pedestrian street in Suzhou?
What is an open district consisting mainly of residential buildings?
Is suzhou Taihu National Tourism and Vacation Zone (苏州太湖国家旅游度假区)  not in the western part of Suzhou, 15 km (9 mi) from downtown?
Is gate to the East, built as a symbol to Suzhou's prominence in China, not in Suzhou's central business district?
Is pan Gate (Chinese: 盘门)  not on the southwest corner of the Main Canal or encircling canal of Suzhou?
What is now part of the Pan Gate Scenic Area?
Was the bridge first built in 806 A.D.?
Was the bridge not included on the list of national monuments (resolution 5-285) in 2001?
Is yunyan Pagoda (Chinese: 虎丘塔/云岩寺塔) (built in 961)  not a Chinese pagoda built on Tiger Hill in Suzhou?
What is a seven-story octagonal building built with blue bricks?
Is beisi Pagoda(Chinese: 北寺塔) or North Temple Pagoda not a Chinese pagoda at Bao'en Temple in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, China?
What is the tallest Chinese pagoda south of the Yangtze river?
Are twin Pagodas (Chinese:苏州双塔)  the two pagodas lie in the Dinghui Temple Lane in the southeastern corner of the city proper of Suzhou?
Is one of them called Clarity-Dispensing Pagoda and the other Beneficence Pagoda?
What is charming that the exquisite and straight Twin Pagoda look like two inserted writing brushes?
Is suzhou's economy based primarily on its large manufacturing sector—China's second largest—including iron and steel, IT and electronic equipment, and textile products?
Which city is also one of China's foremost destinations for foreign investment, based on its relative proximity to Shanghai and comparatively low operating costs?
Is the Suzhou Industrial Park (SIP)  the largest cooperative project between the Chinese and Singaporean governments?
What is beside Jinji Lake, which lies to the east of the Suzhou Old City?
Was the Suzhou Industrial Park Export Processing Zone not approved to be established by the government in April 2000, with a planning area of 2.9 km2?
What is in Suzhou Industrial Park set up by China and Singapore?
Was the Suzhou New District not established in 1990?
Is suzhou not in the Shanghai-Nanjing corridor which carries three parallel railways?
Is construction work expected to start in 2013 and to take five and a half years?
Are fares flat rated, usually 1 Yuan for a non-air-conditioned bus and 2 Yuan for an air-conditioned one?
Should you have change ready when boarding?
Which man-powered vehicles are great for seeing the sights?
Is the starting price 2 Yuan, rising to between 3 to 5 Yuan for a longer trip?
Is the bicycle popular for the many who want to explore the city?
Is a bicycle generally CNY2 for four hours, CNY5 for the whole day?
What is also the center of its largest conurbation?
Which city is located in the country's central valley, at an elevation of 520 m (1,706 ft) above mean sea level?
Which city are surrounded by vineyards?
Are the Chilean executive and judicial powers located in Santiago?
Which city is named after the biblical figure St.?
Which city is santiaguinos (male) and santiaguinas (female).?
Were the groups mainly nomadic hunter-gatherers, who traveled from the coast to the interior in search of guanacos during the time of the Andean snowmelt?
Would the area have served as a basis for the Inca expeditions southward road junction as the Inca Trail?
Was each solar (quarter block)  given to the settlers, who built houses of mud and straw?
Which city was left unprotected?
Which city would be slowly rebuilt, giving prominence to the newly founded Concepción, where the Royal Audiencia of Chile was then founded in 1565?
Which important works were opened permanently in 1798?
Were other important buildings not opened during this era, such as the Teatro Municipal opera house, and the Club Hípico de Santiago?
Would maipú, Ñuñoa, Renca, Lampa and Colina be created in 1891, Providencia and Barrancas in 1897?
What growth was mainly due to the arrival of farmers from the south who came to work in factories and railroads which were under construction?
Were major companies and financial corporations established in the area, giving rise to a thriving modern business center known as Sanhattan?
What is flanked by the main chain of the Andes to the east and the Chilean Coastal Range to the west?
Which city are quite elevated?
Is cerro El Plomo the highest mountain visible from Santiago's urban area?
What basin is approximately 80 kilometres (50 miles) in a north–south direction and 35 km (22 mi) from east to west?
Was the historic low of −6.8 °C (20 °F)  in 1976?
Are prevailing winds from the southwest, with an average of 15 km/h (9 mph), especially during the summer?
Which city is in a precarious location in the Santiago Basin?
Is the basin in the valley where two mountain ranges and two tectonic plates collide?
Are the effects not isolated to tremors?
Which city is the most polluted in Chile?
Is a final major source of Santiago air pollution, one that continues the year-around, the smelter of the El Teniente copper mine?
Are noise levels on the main streets high, mostly because of noisy diesel buses?
What migration was coupled with high fertility rates?
Is the strong economy and low government debt attracting migrants from Europe and the United States?
Are copper, gypsum, and limestone mined?
Is marketing facilitated by the proximity of urban centers, by main-line railroad communications, and by the best-developed regional road system in Chile?
Which city is Chile's retail capital?
Is barrio Bellavista where some of the most exclusive night clubs and chic cafes are located?
Is the airport located in the western commune of Pudahuel?
What is located 15 km from the city centre?
Which city is also served by Eulogio Sánchez Airport (IATA: SCTB), a small, privately owned general aviation airport in the commune of La Reina?
Was the change not well received by users, who complained of lack of buses, too many bus-to-bus transfers, and diminished coverage?
Were some of these problems not resolved?
Were two underground lines (Line 4 and 4A) and an extension of Line 2 inaugurated in 2005 and 2006?
Is transantiago the name for the city's public transport system?
Are colectivos shared taxicabs that carry passengers along a specific route for a fixed fee?
What is expected that in 2014 the new line 3 and line 6 do reach 138 km in length?
Is the Cathedral on the central square (Plaza de Armas)  a sight that ranks as high as the Palacio de La Moneda, the Presidential Palace?
Is east of that the colonial building of the Casa Colorada (1769), which houses the Museum of Santiago?
What was badly damaged by an earthquake in 1906?
Is the building of the Justice Palace (Palacio de Tribunales)  located on the south side of the Montt Square?
What was designed by the architect Emilio Doyére and built between 1907 and 1926?
Is the building not home to the Supreme Court of Chile?
Is the panel of 21 judges not the highest judicial power in Chile?
Is the building also headquarters of the Court of Appeals of Santiago?
Are the four office towers served by highway and subway connections?
Was the club founded on 24 May 1927, under the name Club Deportivo Universitario as a union of Club Náutico and Federación Universitaria?
Were the founders not students of the University of Chile?
Was club Deportivo Universidad Católica (UC)  founded on 21 April 1937?
Are several other football clubs not based in Santiago, including Unión Española, Audax Italiano, Palestino, Santiago Morning, and Magallanes?
Are the Club Hípico de Santiago and the Hipódromo Chile not the two horseracing tracks in the city?
Is the next longest path along the Mapocho River along avenida Andrés Bello?
Which city is home to numerous universities, colleges, research institutions and libraries?
Was the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile (PUC)  founded in June 1888?
Was joaquín Larraín Gandarillas (1822–1897), Archbishop of Anazarba, the founder and first rector of the PUC?
Is the PUC a modern university?
Are several courses not conducted in English?
Which city is twinned with?
