Which language is a West Germanic language that was first spoken in early medieval England and is now a global lingua franca?
What is the third-most-common native language in the world, after Mandarin and Spanish?
Which language was also influenced early on by the Old Norse language through Viking invasions in the 9th and 10th centuries?
Is the Great Vowel Shift that began in the south of England in the 15th century one of the events that mark the emergence of Modern English?
What is one of six official languages of the United Nations?
Is one impact of the growth of English the reduction of native linguistic diversity in many parts of the world?
Was one of these incoming Germanic tribes the Angles, whom Bede believed to have relocated entirely to Britain?
Was old English later transformed by two waves of invasion?
Was the second by speakers of the Romance language Old Norman in the 11th century with the Norman conquest of England?
Is modern English not the direct descendant of Middle English, itself a direct descendant of Old English, a descendant of the Proto-Germanic language?
What is especially evident in the order and placement of verbs?
Which language has been forming compound words and affixing existing words separately from the other Germanic languages for more than 1500 years but shows different patterns in this regard?
What is, by international treaty, the official language for aeronautical and maritime communications?
Which language is one of the official languages of the United Nations and many other international organisations, including the International Olympic Committee?
Which language has been subject to a large degree of regional dialect variation for many centuries?
Is latinate vocabulary in general a later acquisition in children than the native Anglo-Saxon one?
Is a version of the language almost universally agreed upon by educated English-speakers around the world called formal written English?
Have artificially simplified versions of the language been created that are easier for non-native speakers to read?
Which language is a controlled language originally developed for aerospace industry maintenance manuals?
What is uncertain when English became stress-timed, but as most other surviving Germanic languages are it may date to before the break-up of proto-West Germanic?
Is stress in English not sometimes phonemic?
Which language is moderately analytic?
Is an English speaker in many cases able to choose between Germanic and Latinate synonyms: come or arrive; sight or vision; freedom or liberty?
Are comparisons of the vocabulary size of English to that of other languages generally not taken very seriously by linguists and lexicographers?
Have numerous sets of statistics been proposed to demonstrate the proportionate origins of English vocabulary?
Which language were adopted during the 17th to 19th centuries, when French was the dominant language of Western international politics and trade?
Have english-speaking children been found to take up to two years longer to learn to read than children in 12 other European countries?
Are even these devices not used consistently?
Which language is a constructed international auxiliary language?
What is the most widely spoken constructed language in the world?
Was zamenhof's goal to create an easy-to-learn, politically neutral language that would transcend nationality and foster peace and international understanding between people with different languages?
Was the first World Congress of Esperanto organized in France in 1905?
Which language is currently the language of instruction of the International Academy of Sciences in San Marino?
Which language was created in the late 1870s and early 1880s by L. L. Zamenhof, a Polish-Jewish ophthalmologist from Białystok, then part of the Russian Empire?
Were esperantists killed during the Holocaust, with Zamenhof's family in particular singled out for murder?
Was the use of Esperanto effectively banned until 1956?
Which language is also the first language of teaching and administration of one university, the International Academy of Sciences San Marino?
Are the phonology, grammar, vocabulary, and semantics based on the Indo-European languages spoken in Europe?
Are new words formed through extensive prefixing and suffixing?
Is tone not used to distinguish meanings of words?
Which language is based on the Latin script, using a one-sound-one-letter principle?
Are the accented letters a bit like h-digraphs in English?
What was particularly true of the five letters with circumflexes, as they do not occur in any other language?
Which language are derived by stringing together prefixes, roots, and suffixes?
What process is regular, so that people can create new words as they speak and be understood?
Are verbs not marked for person or number?
Is word order comparatively free?
Was the core vocabulary of Esperanto defined by Lingvo internacia, published by Zamenhof in 1887?
Are words also calqued?
Are below not listed some useful Esperanto words and phrases along with IPA transcriptions?
Which language is by far the most widely spoken constructed language in the world?
Are speakers most numerous in Europe and East Asia, especially in urban areas, where they often form Esperanto clubs?
Is culbert's most detailed account of his methodology found in a 1989 letter to David Wolff?
Has historically, much Esperanto music, such as Kaj Tiel Plu, been in various folk traditions?
Have two full-length feature films not been produced with dialogue entirely in Esperanto: Angoroj, in 1964, and Incubus, a 1965 B-movie horror film?
Have other amateur productions been made, such as a dramatization of the novel Gerda Malaperis (Gerda Has Disappeared).?
Which language is used as the universal language in the far future of Harry Harrison's Stainless Steel Rat and Deathworld stories?
Which language is also found in the comic book series Saga as the language Blue, spoken by the inhabitants of Wreath?
What is rendered in blue-colored text?
Was a message in Esperanto recorded and included in Voyager 1's Golden Record?
Which language have been active for many years?
Was zamenhof's intention to create an easy-to-learn language to foster international understanding?
What was to serve as an international auxiliary language, that is, as a universal second language, not to replace ethnic languages?
What goal was widely shared among Esperanto speakers in the early decades of the movement?
What was proposed to Zamenhof by Irishman Richard Geoghegan, author of the first Esperanto textbook for English speakers, in 1887?
Was the flag not approved in 1905 by delegates to the first conference of Esperantists at Boulogne-sur-Mer?
Which language has been placed in many proposed political situations?
Is the most popular of these the Europe – Democracy – Esperanto, which aims to establish Esperanto as the official language of the European Union?
Was the first translation of the Bible into Esperanto a translation of the Tanakh or Old Testament done by L. L. Zamenhof?
Which have been published in various separate booklets, or serialized in Dia Regno?
Which language was conceived as a language of international communication, more precisely as a universal second language?
Is the word cold, lacking in associations?
Were several later constructed languages, such as Universal, based on Esperanto?
Which language is spoken by the Han majority and many other ethnic groups in China?
Are most of these groups mutually unintelligible, although some, like Xiang and the Southwest Mandarin dialects, may share common terms and some degree of intelligibility?
Are all varieties of Chinese tonal and analytic?
Is standard Chinese (Putonghua/Guoyu/Huayu)  not a standardized form of spoken Chinese based on the Beijing dialect of Mandarin?
What is the official language of China and Taiwan, as well as one of four official languages of Singapore?
What is one of the six official languages of the United Nations?
Are the earliest examples of Chinese divinatory inscriptions on oracle bones from around 1250 BCE in the late Shang dynasty?
Was middle Chinese the language used during Southern and Northern Dynasties and the Sui, Tang, and Song dynasties (6th through 10th centuries CE).?
Is the resulting system very complex, with a large number of consonants and vowels?
Was the Zhongyuan Yinyun (1324)  a dictionary that codified the rhyming conventions of new sanqu verse form in this language?
Is the national language not now used in education, the media, and formal situations in both Mainland China and Taiwan?
Which language was incorporated into the Han empire in 111 BCE, beginning a period of Chinese control that ran almost continuously for a millennium?
Which language were also borrowed extensively into the Korean, Japanese and Vietnamese languages?
Were many new compounds, or new meanings for old phrases, created in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to name Western concepts and artifacts?
Is vietnamese not written with a Latin-based alphabet?
What is based on the Beijing dialect, which is the dialect of Mandarin as spoken in Beijing?
Which language are morphemes independent of phonetic change?
Are modern characters not styled after the regular script?
Is romanization the process of transcribing a language into the Latin script?
Which language is first known to have been written in Latin characters by Western Christian missionaries in the 16th century?
Is pinyin almost universally employed now for teaching standard spoken Chinese in schools and universities across America, Australia and Europe?
Was the second-most common romanization system, the Wade–Giles, invented by Thomas Wade in 1859 and modified by Herbert Giles in 1892?
Which language have been phonetically transcribed into many other writing systems over the centuries?
Is the most widespread the Palladius system?
Which language is strictly bound to a set number of syllables with a fairly rigid construction which are the morphemes, the smallest blocks of the language?
Which language are formed out of native Chinese morphemes, including words describing imported objects and ideas?
What is often done for commercial purposes, for example 奔腾／奔騰 bēnténg (lit?
What is done by employing Chinese characters with similar pronunciations?
Which language is particularly pronounced?
Is another result of the English influence on Chinese the appearance in Modern Chinese texts of so-called 字母词／字母詞 zìmǔcí (lit?
Were other terms coined by the Japanese by giving new senses to existing Chinese terms or by referring to expressions used in classical Chinese literature?
Which language is a standardised and Sanskritised register of the Hindustani language?
Is modern Standard Hindi one of the official languages of India?
Is national-language status for Hindi a long-debated theme?
Which language is written in Devanagari script (देवनागरी लिपि devanāgarī lipi) also called Nagari?
Which language is marked by the influence of Bhakti movement and the composition of long, epic poems?
What was primarily written in other varieties of Hindi, particularly Avadhi and Braj Bhasha, but also in Khariboli?
What is known as Chhayavaad (shadowism) ?
Which language is one of the seven languages of India that can be used to make web addresses.(URLs).?
Is the following a sample text in High Hindi, of the Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (by the United Nations):?
Which language is a Romance language that originated in the Castile region of Spain?
What was first documented in central-northern Iberia in the 9th century and gradually spread with the expansion of the Kingdom of Castile into central and southern Iberia?
Which language is the official or national language of 19 countries in the Americas?
Which language is the most popular second language learned by native speakers of American English?
Have two etymologies for español not been suggested?
Are the first documents to record what is today regarded as the precursor of modern Spanish from the 9th century (see Glosas Emilianenses).?
Were many words not borrowed from Latin through the influence of written language and the liturgical language of the Church?
Which language is considered right-branching, meaning that subordinate or modifying constituents tend to be placed after their head words?
Is subject/verb inversion not required in questions?
Is the phoneme /ʃ/ in parentheses () to indicate that it appears only in loanwords?
Which language is classified by its rhythm as a syllable-timed language, meaning that each syllable has approximately the same duration regardless of stress?
Which language is the primary language of 20 countries worldwide?
Which language is the third most spoken language by total number of speakers (after Mandarin and English).?
Which language is also spoken by small communities in other European countries, such as the United Kingdom, France, and Germany?
Which language is an official language of the European Union?
Which language is co-official with English in Puerto Rico?
Were population not Hispanic or Hispanic American by origin?
Which language is also used in administration in the state of New Mexico?
Which language is present on Easter Island, as it was annexed as a Chilean province in 1888?
Which language was an official language of the Philippines from the beginning of Spanish rule in 1565 to a constitutional change in 1973?
Was the number of Chavacano-speakers estimated at 1.2 million in 1996?
Were speakers of the Zamboangueño variety of Chavacano numbered about 360,000 in the 2000 census?
Which language are present in the local languages of these territories as a legacy of colonial rule?
Are the verb forms of general voseo the same as those used with tú except in the present tense (indicative and imperative) verbs?
What usage is sometimes called ustedeo in Spanish?
Is usted also used in this way, as well as between parents and children, in the Andean regions of Ecuador, Colombia and Venezuela?
Which language is closely related to the other West Iberian Romance languages, including Asturian, Aragonese, Galician, Ladino, Leonese, Mirandese and Portuguese?
What is generally acknowledged that Portuguese speakers can understand Spanish with ease, but that Spanish speakers sometimes have difficulty understanding spoken Portuguese?
Is the universal term for cheese in Romanian brânză (from unknown etymology).?
Is a related dialect Haketia, the Judaeo-Spanish of northern Morocco?
Which language are introduced with inverted question and exclamation marks (⟨¿⟩ and ⟨¡⟩, respectively).?
Is the Association of Spanish Language Academies (Asociación de Academias de la Lengua Española, or ASALE)  the entity which regulates the Spanish language?
Which language is the constructed language spoken by the fictional Klingons in the Star Trek universe?
Was klingon not subsequently developed by Okrand into a full-fledged language?
Is the Klingon Christmas Carol play the first production that is primarily in Klingon (only the narrator speaks English).?
Are a small number of people capable of conversing in Klingon?
Were a small number of non-Klingon characters later depicted in Star Trek as having learned to speak Klingon, notably Jean-Luc Picard and Jadzia Dax?
Are a small number of people capable of conversing in Klingon?
Which language is displayed in both Latin and pIqaD fonts, making this the first language course written in pIqaD and approved by CBS and Marc Okrand?
Which language was first developed only for the purpose of being used in Star Trek?
Was the performance proposed by Okrand in his capacity as chairman of the group's board?
Is a cryptic message left by a serial killer in Klingon a plot point in the novel Watch Me by A. J. Holt?
Are only words and grammatical forms introduced by Marc Okrand considered canonical Klingon by the KLI and most Klingonists?
Has new vocabulary been collected in a list maintained by the KLI until 2005 and has since then been followed up by Klingon expert Lieven Litaer?
Has klingon been developed with a phonology that, while based on human natural languages, is intended to sound alien to human ears?
Is the effect mainly achieved by the use of a number of retroflex and uvular consonants in the language's inventory?
Is klingon normally written in a variant of the Latin alphabet (see below).?
Is the inventory of consonants in Klingon spread over a number of places of articulation?
Is the combination of an aspirated voiceless alveolar plosive /tʰ/ and a voiced retroflex plosive /ɖ/ particularly unusual?
Is klingon an agglutinative language, using mainly affixes in order to alter the function or meaning of words?
Are verbs marked for aspect, certainty, predisposition and volition, dynamic, causative, mood, negation, and honorific?
Are hyphens not used in Klingon?
Is grammar abbreviated?
Is a design principle of the Klingon language the great degree of lexical-cultural correlation in the vocabulary?
Are modern Romance languages continuations of dialectal forms (vulgar Latin) of the language?
Which language is still used in the creation of new words in modern languages of many different families, including English, and largely in biological taxonomy?
Which language are the only surviving languages of the Italic language family?
Which language has been passed down through various forms?
Is the reading and interpretation of these inscriptions the subject matter of the field of epigraphy?
Are about 270,000 inscriptions known?
Which language has been significant at all stages of its insular development?
Were many of these words used once by the author and then forgotten?
Are many of the most common polysyllabic English words of Latin origin, through the medium of Old French?
Have many international auxiliary languages not been heavily influenced by Latin?
Is interlingua, which lays claim to a sizable following, sometimes considered a simplified, modern version of the language?
Is latino sine Flexione, popular in the early 20th century, Latin with its inflections stripped away, among other grammatical changes?
Is instruction in Latin not an essential aspect of Classics?
What book, first published in 1956, was written by Frederic M. Wheelock, who received a PhD from Harvard University?
What is available at the Vatican, and at some institutions in the U.S., such as the University of Kentucky and Iowa State University?
What was not until the Moorish conquest of Spain in 711 cut off communications between the major Romance regions that the languages began to diverge seriously?
Is one way to determine whether a Romance language feature was in Vulgar Latin not to compare it with its parallel in Classical Latin?
Which language is the written Latin in use during that portion of the post-classical period when no corresponding Latin vernacular existed?
Is the largest organization that retains Latin in official and quasi-official contexts the Catholic Church?
Have some films of ancient settings, such as Sebastiane and The Passion of the Christ, been made with dialogue in Latin for the sake of realism?
Is the libretto for the opera-oratorio Oedipus rex (opera) by Igor Stravinsky in Latin?
Which language is taught in many high schools, especially in Europe and the Americas?
Are the consonant phonemes of Classical Latin not shown in the following table?
Were most of the letterforms similar to modern uppercase, as can be seen in the inscription from the Colosseum shown at the top of the article?
Are some notes concerning the mapping of Latin phonemes to English graphemes not given below?
Are doubled consonants in Latin pronounced long?
Were long vowels in the Classical period pronounced with a different quality from short vowels, as well as being longer?
Is the difference not described in table below?
Were the two most common⟨ae au⟩?
Was ⟨oe⟩ fairly rare?
Which language was written in the Latin alphabet, derived from the Old Italic alphabet, which was in turn drawn from the Greek and ultimately the Phoenician alphabet?
Was w created in the 11th century from VV?
Is affixing prefixing and suffixing?
Which language are never prefixed?
Is a major task in understanding Latin phrases and clauses to clarify such ambiguities by an analysis of context?
Are markers also attached to fixed stems of verbs, to denote person, number, tense, voice, mood, and aspect—a process called conjugation?
Are some words uninflected, not undergoing either process, such as adverbs, prepositions, and interjections?
Are the declensions identified by the genitive singular form of the noun?
Are first and second declension adjectives declined like first declension nouns for the feminine forms and like second declension nouns for the masculine and neuter forms?
Which are declined like regular first and second declension adjectives?
Are third declension adjectives mostly declined like normal third declension nouns, with a few exceptions?
Which language are formed from a verb?
Are the conjugations identified by the last letter of the verb's present stem?
Is the first letter in each case the last of the stem, because of which the conjugations are also called the a-conjugation, e-conjugation and i-conjugation?
Are lesser words not stressed at the third to last syllable, called in Latin antepaenultimus or syllaba antepaenultima?
Are the numbers 1, 2 and 3, and from 200 to 900, not declined as nouns and adjectives with some differences?
Is python a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language?
Are python interpreters available for installation on many operating systems, allowing Python code execution on a wide variety of systems?
Is cPython not managed by the non-profit Python Software Foundation?
Are many other paradigms not supported using extensions, including design by contract and logic programming?
Is an important feature of Python dynamic name resolution (late binding), which binds method and variable names during program execution?
Is an important goal of the Python developers making Python fun to use?
Is python intended to be a highly readable language?
What is designed to have an uncluttered visual layout, frequently using English keywords where other languages use punctuation?
Were old-style classes eliminated in Python 3.0, making all classes new-style?
Is the standard library not essential to run Python or embed Python within an application?
Is the main Python implementation, named CPython, written in C meeting the C89 standard?
Is cPython distributed with a large standard library written in a mixture of C and Python?
What is available in versions for many platforms, including Microsoft Windows and most modern Unix-like systems?
Was cPython intended from almost its very conception to be cross-platform?
Is pyPy a fast, compliant interpreter of Python 2.7 and 3.2?
Is a version taking advantage of multi-core processors using software transactional memory being created?
Is a version taking advantage of multi-core processors using software transactional memory being created?
Is stackless Python a significant fork of CPython that implements microthreads?
What project has been kept up to date to run on all variants of the S60 platform?
Is python's development conducted largely through the Python Enhancement Proposal (PEP) process?
Is the mailing list python-dev not the primary forum for discussion about the language's development?
Is the major academic conference on Python named PyCon?
Is most of the Sugar software for the One Laptop per Child XO, now developed at Sugar Labs, not written in Python?
Is python Scripting Provider not a core feature since Version 4.0 from 7 February 2013?
Is perl not a family of high-level, general-purpose, interpreted, dynamic programming languages?
Was perl originally developed by Larry Wall in 1987 as a general-purpose Unix scripting language to make report processing easier?
Is the latest major stable revision of Perl 5 5.20.1, released in September 2014?
Was the perl5-porters mailing list established in May 1994 to coordinate work on porting Perl 5 to different platforms?
Was perl 5.000 released on October 17, 1994?
Has perl 5 been in active development since then?
Was perl 5.001 not released on March 13, 1995?
Was perl 5.002 released on February 29, 1996 with the new prototypes feature?
Was perl 5.003 not released June 25, 1996, as a security release?
Was another significant development the inclusion of the CGI.pm module, which contributed to Perl's popularity as a CGI scripting language?
Was perl 5.005 released on July 22, 1998?
Was perl 5.6 not released on March 22, 2000?
What was the first concerted effort towards making Perl 6 a reality?
Was version 5.12.4 not released on June 20, 2011?
Was the latest version of that branch, 5.12.5, released on November 10, 2012?
Is jSON support not built-in as of 5.14.2?
Was the latest version of that branch, 5.14.4, released on March 10, 2013?
What case distinction was subsequently documented as canonical?
Have other expansions been suggested as equally canonical, including Wall's own humorous Pathologically Eclectic Rubbish Lister?
Is the symbol a visual pun on pearl onion?
Are all variables not marked with leading sigils, which allow variables to be interpolated directly into strings?
Was wall trained as a linguist?
What is also an optional component of the popular LAMP technology stack for web development, in lieu of PHP or Python?
Are operations on these structs defined by a large collection of macros, typedefs, and functions?
Are the terms that indicate the kind of processing that is actually occurring at any moment compile time and run time?
Is perl in compile time at most points during the compile phase?
Is perl distributed with over 250,000 functional tests for core Perl language and over 250,000 functional tests for core modules?
Is perl dual licensed under both the Artistic License and the GNU General Public License?
Are distributions available for most operating systems?
What is particularly prevalent on Unix and Unix-like systems?
Is cPAN also the source for publicly available Perl modules that are not part of the core Perl distribution?
Is compiling Perl from source code under Windows not possible?
Is visual Perl an ActiveState tool which adds Perl to the Visual Studio .NET development suite?
Is strawberry Perl an open source distribution for Windows?
Is the Cygwin emulation layer another way of running Perl under Windows?
Is a perl executable included in several Windows Resource kits in the directory with other scripting tools?
Is perl's performance in the benchmarks game typical for interpreted languages?
Have a number of tools been introduced to improve this situation?
Were proposals for new language features solicited from the Perl community at large, which submitted more than 300 RFCs?
Is perl 6 not not intended to be backward compatible, although there will be a compatibility mode?
Are perl 6 and Perl 5 distinct languages with a common ancestry?
Are perl 5 development versions released on a monthly basis, with major releases coming out once per year?
Are some of the Acme modules not deliberately implemented in amusing ways?
Is java a functional computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible?
Are java applications typically compiled to bytecode that can run on any Java virtual machine (JVM) regardless of computer architecture?
Which language was initially called Oak after an oak tree that stood outside Gosling's office?
Was the Java 1.0 compiler re-written in Java by Arthur van Hoff to comply strictly with the Java 1.0 language specification?
Was the desktop version renamed J2SE?
What is achieved by compiling the Java language code to an intermediate representation called Java bytecode, instead of directly to architecture-specific machine code?
Is java platform independent?
Is oracle Corporation the current owner of the official implementation of the Java SE platform, following their acquisition of Sun Microsystems on January 27, 2010?
What implementation is based on the original implementation of Java by Sun?
Is the Oracle implementation available for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and Solaris?
Is openJDK another notable Java SE implementation that is licensed under the GNU GPL?
Is the goal of Java to make all implementations of Java compatible?
Is one of the ideas behind Java's automatic memory management model that programmers can be spared the burden of having to perform manual memory management?
What was a conscious decision by Java's designers for performance reasons?
Is the syntax of Java largely derived from C++?
Is the name of the class file the name of the class, with .?
What is simply the name of the method the Java launcher calls to pass control to the program?
Is the String[] args parameter an array of String objects containing any arguments passed to the class?
Are the parameters to main often passed by means of a command line?
Is printing part of a Java standard library?
Are java applets not programs that are embedded in other applications, typically in a Web page displayed in a web browser?
Is the paintComponent() method not passed a Graphics object that contains the graphic context used to display the applet?
Is an applet placed in an HTML document using the <applet> HTML element?
Is the paintComponent() method not called by the AWT event dispatching thread whenever the display needs the applet to draw itself?
Are servlets server-side Java EE components that generate responses (typically HTML pages) to requests (typically HTTP requests) from clients?
Are javaServer Pages (JSP)  server-side Java EE components that generate responses, typically HTML pages, to HTTP requests from clients?
Is swing a graphical user interface library for the Java SE platform?
What is possible to specify a different look and feel through the pluggable look and feel system of Swing?
Are clones of Windows, GTK+ and Motif supplied by Sun?
Is the main() method not called by the Java virtual machine when the program starts?
Is the Java Class Library not the standard library, developed to support application development in Java?
What is controlled by Sun Microsystems in cooperation with others through the Java Community Process program?
What process has been a subject of controversy?
