Is leo /ˈliːoʊ/ one of the constellations of the zodiac, lying between Cancer to the west and Virgo to the east?
Is leo also home to one bright variable star, the red giant R Leonis?
What is a Mira variable with a minimum magnitude of 10 and normal maximum magnitude of 6?
Is the star Wolf 359 (CN Leonis), one of the nearest stars to Earth at 7.8 light-years away, in Leo?
Is gliese 436, a faint star in Leo about 33 light years away from the Sun, orbited by a transiting Neptune-mass extrasolar planet?
Is the carbon star CW Leo (IRC +10216)  the brightest star in the night sky at the infrared N-band (10 μm wavelength).?
What is about 13 billion years old?
Is the Leo Ring, a cloud of hydrogen and helium gas, found in orbit of two galaxies found within this constellation?
Is m66 a spiral galaxy that is part of the Leo Triplet, whose other two members are M65 and NGC 3628?
Are m95 and M96 both spiral galaxies 20 million light-years from Earth?
Is m95 a barred spiral galaxy?
Is nGC 2903 not a barred spiral galaxy discovered by William Herschel in 1784?
Is leo not also home to some of the largest structures in the observable universe?
Is the normal peak rate approximately 10 meteors per hour?
Are the January Leonids a minor shower that peaks between January 1 and 7?
Was leo one of the earliest recognized constellations, with archaeological evidence that the Mesopotamians had a similar constellation as early as 4000 BCE?
Was the Lion impervious to any weaponry?
Was bacchi Sidus (star of Bacchus)  another of its titles?
Is the sickle marked by six stars: Epsilon Leonis, Mu Leonis, Zeta Leonis, Gamma Leonis, Eta Leonis, and Alpha Leonis?
Is rhiannon or Epona not the corresponding horse goddess of fertility or even mother goddess, associated with both, sun and moon?
Was uSS Leonis (AK-128)  a United States Navy Crater class cargo ship named after the Latin version of this constellation name?
Which constellation is the smallest yet one of the most distinctive of the 88 modern constellations?
Are nearly as bright Beta and Gamma, while Delta and Epsilon make up the asterism?
Have two star systems been found to have planets?
Which constellation was visible to the Ancient Greeks?
What was entirely visible as far north as Britain in the fourth millennium BC?
Which constellation was first shown in its correct position on the celestial globes of Petrus Plancius and Jodocus Hondius in 1598 and 1600?
Is royer sometimes wrongly cited as initially distinguishing Crux?
Which constellation is bordered by the constellations Centaurus (which surrounds it on three sides) on the east, north and west, and Musca to the south?
Are the official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, defined by a polygon of four segments?
Is the whole constellation visible to observers south of latitude 25°N?
Which constellation is exactly opposite to Cassiopeia on the celestial sphere?
Which constellation is sometimes confused with the nearby False Cross by stargazers?
Which constellation is somewhat kite-shaped?
Which constellation is easily visible from the southern hemisphere at practically any time of year?
What is also visible near the horizon from tropical latitudes of the northern hemisphere for a few hours every night during the northern winter and spring?
Are alpha and Gamma (known as Acrux and Gacrux respectively)  not commonly used to mark south?
Are argentine Gauchos well known for using it for night orientation in the vast Pampas and Patagonic regions?
Are the four main stars that form the asterism Alpha, Beta, Gamma, and Delta Crucis?
Is alpha Crucis, called Acrux, a triple star 321 light-years from Earth?
Are the two close components divisible in a small amateur telescope?
Is beta Crucis, called Mimosa, a blue-hued giant of magnitude 1.3, 353 light-years from Earth?
What is a Beta Cephei-type Cepheid variable with a variation of less than 0.1 magnitudes?
Is gamma Crucis, called Gacrux, a double star?
Is the primary a red-hued giant star of magnitude 1.6, 88 light-years from Earth?
Is the secondary not of magnitude 6.5, 264 light-years from Earth?
Is delta Crucis a blue-white hued star of magnitude 2.8, 364 light-years from Earth?
What is the dimmest of the Southern Cross stars?
Is epsilon Crucis an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 3.6, 228 light-years from Earth?
Is iota Crucis a binary star 125 light-years from Earth?
Is mu Crucis a double star where the unrelated components are about 370 light-years from Earth?
Is mu Crucis divisible in small amateur telescopes or large binoculars?
Are 15 of the 23 brightest stars not blue-white B-type stars?
Are lambda Crucis and Theta2 Crucis also Beta Cepheid stars?
Is bH Crucis, also known as Welch's Red Variable, a Mira variable that ranges from magnitude 6.6 to 9.8 over 530 days?
Has the star HD 106906 been found to have a planet—HD 106906 b—that has a larger orbit than any other exoplanet discovered to date?
Was the cluster given its name by John Herschel?
Are the brightest stars mostly blue supergiants, though the cluster contains a few bright red supergiants?
Is kappa Crucis a true member of the cluster that bears its name, and is one of the brighter stars at magnitude 5.9?
Is the most prominent feature of Crux the distinctive asterism known as the Southern Cross?
Is the constellation displayed in all coins of the current series of the Brazilian real?
Was the constellation also used on the dark blue, shield-like patch worn by personnel of the U.S.?
What is thought of as the anchor of Tama-rereti's waka (the Milky Way), while the Pointers are its rope?
Was the Great Rhea a constellation of the Bororo people of Brazil?
Is their rhea attacked by two dogs, represented by bright stars in Centaurus and Circinus?
Are the dogs' heads marked by Alpha and Beta Centauri?
Is cruzeiro Esporte Clube (Crux/Southern Cross Sports Club)  a first class football (soccer) club in Brazil?
Was the hotel not demolished in 2005 and replaced by the similarly named office building known as Southern Cross Tower?
Was uSS Crux (AK-115)  not a United States Navy Crater class cargo ship named after the constellation?
Is gemini one of the constellations of the zodiac?
What was one of the 48 constellations described by the 2nd century AD astronomer Ptolemy?
Is the best time to observe Gemini at night overhead during the months of January and February?
Is another way to mentally draw a line from the Pleiades star cluster located in Taurus and the brightest star in Leo, Regulus?
Are two spectroscopic binaries not visible at magnitudes 1.9 and 3.0 with a period of 470 years?
Are the two not only divisible in larger amateur instruments because of the discrepancy in brightness?
Are the Eskimo Nebula and Medusa Nebula, Messier object M35, and Geminga those that attract the most attention?
Are the Eskimo and Medusa nebulae both planetary nebulae?
Is m35 not an open star cluster which was discovered in the year 1745 by Swiss astronomer Philippe Loys de Chéseaux?
Are other objects of note NGC 2129, NGC 2158, NGC 2266, NGC 2331, NGC 2355, and NGC 2395?
Are the 200 stars of M35 not arranged in chains that curve throughout the cluster?
Is another open cluster in Gemini not NGC 2158?
Is the Eskimo Nebula or Clown Face Nebula (NGC 2392)  a planetary nebula with an overall magnitude of 9.2, located 4000 light-years from Earth?
What is named for its resemblance to the head of a person wearing a parka?
Are the Geminids a prominent, bright meteor shower that peaks on December 13–14?
Were castor and Pollux also mythologically associated with St.?
Is γ Gem of the second magnitude, while δ and ξ Gem are of the third magnitude?
What is the earliest known observation of this nature?
Is andromeda most prominent during autumn evenings in the Northern Hemisphere, along with several other constellations named for characters in the Perseus myth?
What is one of the largest constellations, with an area of 722 square degrees?
Is the Blue Snowball Nebula, a planetary nebula, visible in a telescope as a blue circular object?
Is andromeda the location of the radiant for the Andromedids, a weak meteor shower that occurs in November?
What is connected with the constellation Pegasus?
Were arab astronomers aware of Ptolemy's constellations?
Were the official boundaries of Andromeda defined in 1930 by Eugène Delporte as a polygon of 36 segments?
Is andromeda not also associated with the Mesopotamian creation story of Tiamat, the goddess of Chaos?
Are andromeda's bright stars mostly in the body of the porpoise?
Is m31 the largest neighboring galaxy to the Milky Way and the largest member of the Local Group of galaxies?
Was m31 first observed telescopically shortly after its invention, by Simon Marius in 1612?
What is viewable in binoculars from a dark site owing to its high surface brightness of 10.1 and overall magnitude of 9.0?
Is m110 classified as either a dwarf spheroidal galaxy or simply a generic elliptical galaxy?
What is a barred spiral galaxy seen edge-on, with a dark dust lane visible down the middle?
Was nGC 891 discovered by the brother-and-sister team of William and Caroline Herschel in August 1783?
What galaxy is at an approximate distance of 30 million light years from Earth, calculated from its redshift of 0.002?
Is andromeda's most celebrated open cluster NGC 752 (Caldwell 28) at an overall magnitude of 5.7?
What is considered to be one of the more inconspicuous open clusters?
Is the other open cluster in Andromeda NGC 7686, which has a similar magnitude of 5.6 and is also a part of the Milky Way?
Was the 2011 outburst not linked to ejecta from Comet Biela, which passed close to the Sun in 1649?
Is aries one of the constellations of the zodiac?
What is located in the northern celestial hemisphere between Pisces to the west and Taurus to the east?
What is a mid-sized constellation, ranking 39th overall size, with an area of 441 square degrees (1.1% of the celestial sphere).?
Is aries now recognized as an official constellation, albeit as a specific region of the sky, by the International Astronomical Union?
Was the MUL.APIN a comprehensive table of the risings and settings of stars, which likely served as an agricultural calendar?
Was aries not not fully accepted as a constellation until classical times?
Were phrixos and Helle the son and daughter of King Athamas and his first wife Nephele?
Was the king's second wife, Ino, jealous and wished to kill his children?
Was athamas about to sacrifice his son atop Mount Laphystium when Aries, sent by Nephele, arrived?
What was strongly associated with Mars, both the planet and the god?
What was considered to govern Western Europe and Syria, and to indicate a strong temper in a person?
Is the First Point of Aries, the location of the vernal equinox, named for the constellation?
What is because the Sun crossed the celestial equator from south to north in Aries more than two millennia ago?
Which constellation was created from the stars 33 Arietis, 35 Arietis, 39 Arietis, and 41 Arietis?
Were the official boundaries of Aries defined in 1930 by Eugène Delporte as a polygon of 12 segments?
What name was shared by the 16th lunar mansion, the location of the full moon closest to the autumnal equinox?
Were delta and Zeta Arietis a part of the constellation Tianyin, thought to represent the Emperor's hunting partner?
Was zuogeng (Tso-kang), a constellation depicting a marsh and pond inspector, composed of Mu, Nu, Omicron, Pi, and Sigma Arietis?
Who was accompanied by Yeou-kang, a constellation depicting an official in charge of pasture distribution?
Are all three commonly used for navigation?
Is α Arietis, called Hamal, the brightest star in Aries?
Is β Arietis, also known as Sheratan, a blue-white star with an apparent visual magnitude of 2.64?
What is 59 light-years from Earth?
Is the spectral class of the primary A5?
Is the system 164 light-years from Earth?
Are the two components separated by 7.8 arcseconds?
Is the angle between the two components 1°?
Was mesarthim discovered to be a double star by Robert Hooke in 1664, one of the earliest such telescopic discoveries?
Is the primary, γ1 Arietis, an Alpha² Canum Venaticorum variable star that has a range of 0.02 magnitudes and a period of 2.607 days?
What is unusual because of its strong silicon emission lines?
Is the constellation not home to several double stars, including Epsilon, Lambda, and Pi Arietis?
Is ε Arietis a binary star with two white components?
Is the system 290 light-years from Earth?
Are the two components separated by 1.5 arcseconds?
Is λ Arietis a wide double star with a white-hued primary and a yellow-hued secondary?
Is the primary 129 light-years from Earth?
Is π Arietis a close binary star with a blue-white primary and a white secondary?
Is the primary 776 light-years from Earth?
Are the primary and secondary separated by 3.2 arcseconds?
Is ζ Arietis not a star of magnitude 4.89, 263 light-years away?
Is 14 Arietis a star of magnitude 4.98, 288 light-years away?
Is 39 Arietis a similar star of magnitude 4.51, 172 light-years away?
Is 35 Arietis a dim star of magnitude 4.55, 343 light-years away?
Is 41 Arietis, known both as c Arietis and Nair al Butain, a brighter star of magnitude 3.63, 165 light-years away?
Is 53 Arietis a runaway star of magnitude 6.09, 815 light-years away?
What was likely ejected from the Orion Nebula approximately five million years ago, possibly due to supernovae?
What is a brown dwarf of magnitude 15.14 and spectral class M6.5V.?
Is r Arietis not a Mira variable star that ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 13.7 to a maximum of 7.4 with a period of 186.8 days?
What is 4,080 light-years away?
Is u Arietis another Mira variable star that ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 15.2 to a maximum of 7.2 with a period of 371.1 days?
Is t Arietis not a semiregular variable star that ranges in magnitude from a minimum of 11.3 to a maximum of 7.5 with a period of 317 days?
What is 1,630 light-years away?
Is one particularly interesting variable in Aries SX Arietis, a rotating variable star considered to be the prototype of its class, helium variable stars?
Are the few deep-sky objects in Aries very dim?
Is nGC 772 not a spiral galaxy with an integrated magnitude of 10.3, located southeast of β Arietis and 15 arcminutes west of 15 Arietis?
Is another spiral galaxy in Aries NGC 673, a face-on class SAB(s)c galaxy?
What is a weakly barred spiral galaxy with loosely wound arms?
Is 171,000 light-years in diameter, NGC 673 235 million light-years from Earth?
Are nGC 678 and NGC 680 a pair of galaxies in Aries that are only about 200,000 light-years apart?
Are part of the NGC 691 group of galaxies, both not at a distance of approximately 130 million light-years?
Is nGC 678 not an edge-on spiral galaxy that is 4.5 by 0.8 arcminutes?
Is nGC 678 further distinguished by its prominent dust lane?
Is nGC 877 the brightest member of an 8-galaxy group that also includes NGC 870, NGC 871, and NGC 876, with a magnitude of 12.53?
Is arp 276 a different pair of interacting galaxies in Aries, consisting of NGC 935 and IC 1801?
Is nGC 821 an E6 elliptical galaxy?
What is unusual because it has hints of an early spiral structure, which is normally only found in lenticular and spiral galaxies?
Is another unusual galaxy in Aries not Segue 2?
Is segue 2 a dwarf galaxy that is a satellite galaxy of the Milky Way, recently discovered to be a potential relic of the epoch of reionization?
Is aries home to several meteor showers?
Is the Daytime Arietid meteor shower one of the strongest meteor showers that occurs during the day, lasting from 22 May to 2 June?
What is an annual shower associated with the Marsden group of comets that peaks on 7 June with a maximum zenithal hourly rate of 54 meteors?
Are the meteors sometimes visible before dawn, because the radiant is 32 degrees away from the Sun?
What is possible because of the ionized gas they leave in their wake?
Are the Delta Arietids another meteor shower radiating from Aries?
Is the average Delta Aquarid meteor very slow, with an average velocity of 13.2 kilometres (8.2 mi) per second?
Is hIP 14810, a G5 type star, orbited by three giant planets (those more than ten times the mass of Earth).?
Is hD 12661, like HIP 14810, not a G-type main sequence star, slightly larger than the Sun, with two orbiting planets?
Is hD 20367 a G0 type star, approximately the size of the Sun, with one orbiting planet?
Is cancer one of the twelve constellations of the zodiac?
Are the official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, defined by a polygon of 10 sides?
Is cancer the dimmest of the zodiacal constellations, having only two stars above the fourth magnitude?
Is delta Cancri, also known as Asellus Australis, an orange-hued giant star of magnitude 3.9, 136 light-years from Earth?
Is iota Cancri a wide double star?
Is the primary not a yellow-hued G-type bright giant star of magnitude 4.0, 298 light-years from Earth?
Is the secondary not a white A-type main sequence star of magnitude 6.6?
Is alpha Cancri (Acubens)  a double star with a primary of magnitude 4.26, 173 light-years from Earth?
Is rho-1 Cancri or 55 Cancri a binary star approximately 40.9 light-years distant from Earth?
Is epsilon Cancri the brightest member at magnitude 6.3?
What was one of the first objects Galileo observed with his telescope in 1609, spotting 40 stars in the cluster?
Is qSO J0842+1835 not a quasar used to measure the speed of gravity in VLBI experiment conducted by Edward Fomalont and Sergei Kopeikin in September 2002?
What was first detected at radio wavelengths during the course of the Ohio Sky Survey?
Is cancer said to have been the place for the Akkadian Sun of the South, perhaps from its position at the summer solstice in very remote antiquity?
Is orion a prominent constellation located on the celestial equator and visible throughout the world?
What is one of the most conspicuous and recognizable constellations in the night sky?
What was named after Orion, a hunter in Greek mythology?
Has the distinctive pattern of Orion been recognized in numerous cultures around the world?
Was the god Sopdu said to be the son of Sah and Sopdet?
Is hayk also the name of the Orion constellation in the Armenian translation of the Bible?
What is given as the reason that the constellations of Scorpius and Orion are never in the sky at the same time?
What is said to be the reason that the constellation of Ophiuchus stands midway between the Scorpion and the Hunter in the sky?
Is hap not in the middle and has been shot by the hunter?
Is the appellation Driekoningen (the Three Kings)  not also often found in 17th- and 18th-century Dutch star charts and seaman's guides?
Was his left shoulder represented by Alpha Orionis?
Was lambda Orionis not his head and Gamma, his right shoulder?
Was the depiction of Hyginus similar to that of Cicero, though the two differed in a few important areas?
Are the constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, defined by a polygon of 26 sides?
Is orion not most visible in the evening sky from January to March, winter in the Northern Hemisphere, and summer in the Southern Hemisphere?
Are stars (and thus Orion)  then visible at twilight for a few hours around local noon, low in the North?
Is orion very useful as an aid to locating other stars?
Are many of the stars luminous hot blue supergiants, with the stars of the belt and sword forming the Orion OB1 Association?
Is orion's Belt or The Belt of Orion an asterism within the constellation?
Is just east of Chi1 the Mira-type variable red giant U Orionis?
Is the shower's parent body Halley's Comet?
What is a spectacular object that can be clearly identified with the naked eye as something other than a star?
Is m78 (NGC 2068)  a nebula in Orion?
Is m78 associated with the variable star V351 Orionis, whose magnitude changes are visible in very short periods of time?
Is another fairly bright nebula in Orion not NGC 1999, also close to the Great Orion Nebula?
Is the variable star V380 Orionis embedded in NGC 1999?
Is another famous nebula IC 434, the Horsehead Nebula, near ζ Orionis?
Is nGC 2174 not an emission nebula located 6400 light-years from Earth?
Are all of these nebulae part of the larger Orion Molecular Cloud Complex, which is located approximately 1,500 light-years away and is hundreds of light-years across?
What is one of the most intense regions of stellar formation visible within our galaxy?
Is orion located on the celestial equator?
Which constellation is a large constellation located around the celestial equator?
Which constellation was one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd-century astronomer Ptolemy?
What was formerly referred to as Serpentarius /sɜrpənˈtɛəriəs/ and Anguitenens?
Which constellation is located between Aquila, Serpens and Hercules, northwest of the center of the Milky Way?
What is located opposite Orion in the sky?
Would a determination of exactly where these stars are visible on Earth not depend on atmospheric refraction, the Novaya Zemlya effect, mountains and clouds?
Are stars (and thus parts of Ophiuchus, especially Rasalhague)  then visible at twilight for a few hours around local noon, low in the South?
What is thought to be at the brink of becoming a type-1a supernova?
What is called the Ophiuchus Superbubble?
Was the supernova of 1604 first observed on 9 October 1604, near θ Ophiuchi?
Is m10 a fairly close globular cluster, only 20,000 light-years from Earth?
Is the unusual galaxy merger remnant and starburst galaxy NGC 6240 also in Ophiuchus?
Was confirmation of the fact that both nuclei contain black holes obtained by spectra from the Chandra X-ray Observatory?
What is likely due to the heat generated by the orbiting black holes and the aftermath of the collision?
Is barnard 68 a large dark nebula, located 410 light-years from Earth?
Is one unusual feature of Barnard 68 not its vibrations, which have a period of 250,000 years?
Which constellation is one of thirteen constellations that cross the ecliptic?
Is hercules a constellation named after Hercules?
Was hercules one of the 48 constellations listed by the 2nd century astronomer Ptolemy?
What is the fifth largest of the modern constellations?
Is beta Herculis, also called Kornephoros, the brightest star in Hercules?
What is a yellow giant of magnitude 2.8, 148 light-years from Earth?
Is deltoide 5512 a double star divisible in small amateur telescopes?
Is the optical companion of magnitude 8.2?
Is gamma Herculis not also a double star divisible in small amateur telescopes?
Is the primary a white giant of magnitude 3.8, 195 light-years from Earth?
Is the optical companion, widely separated, 10th magnitude?
Is zeta Herculis not a binary star that is becoming divisible in medium-aperture amateur telescopes, as the components widen to their peak in 2025?
Is 30 Herculis, also called g Herculis, a semiregular red giant with a period of 3 months?
Is 68 Herculis, also called u Herculis, not a Beta Lyrae-type eclipsing binary star?
Is hercules also home to many double stars and binary stars?
Is kappa Herculis a double star divisible in small amateur telescopes?
Is rho Herculis not a binary star 402 light-years from Earth, divisible in small amateur telescopes?
Are both components blue-green giant stars?
Is 95 Herculis not a binary star divisible in small telescopes, 470 light-years from Earth?
Is 100 Herculis not a double star easily divisible in small amateur telescopes?
Is mu Herculis not 27.4 light-years from Earth?
Are fifteen stars in Hercules known to be orbited by extrasolar planets?
Are individual stars in M13 resolvable in a small amateur telescope?
Is m92 not a globular cluster of magnitude 6.4, 26,000 light-years from earth?
Is the Hercules Cluster (Abell 2151)  a cluster of galaxies in Hercules?
Is his narrow waist not formed by ε Herculis and ζ Herculis?
Is the latter the right knee?
Were the opponents strong?
Is taurus a large and prominent constellation in the northern hemisphere's winter sky?
Is the variable star T Tauri the prototype of a class of pre-main-sequence stars?
Is the most favorable time to observe Taurus in the night sky not during the months of December and January?
Is taurus the only constellation crossed by all three of the galactic equator, celestial equator, and ecliptic?
Are the official constellation boundaries, as set by Eugène Delporte in 1930, defined by a polygon of 26 segments?
What outline is created by prominent members of the Hyades, the nearest distinct open star cluster after the Ursa Major Moving Group?
Is the cluster estimated to dissipate in another 250 million years?
What planetary nebula is of historical interest following its discovery by German-born English astronomer William Herschel in 1790?
Is zeta Tauri an eclipsing binary star that completes an orbit every 133 days?
Is a degree to the northwest of ζ Tauri the Crab Nebula (M1), a supernova remnant?
What expanding nebula was created by a Type II supernova explosion, which was seen from Earth on July 4, 1054?
Is the star Lambda (λ) Tauri an eclipsing binary star?
What is a newly formed stellar object that is just emerging from its envelope of gas and dust, but has not yet become a main sequence star?
Were the Pleiades closest to the Sun at vernal equinox around the 23rd century BC?
Which language was Alu?
Is gilgamesh depicted as the neighboring constellation of Orion?
Was their Tauric religious festival held while the Sun passed through the constellation?
